docs/code-quality/lint/create.rst, before:

Adding
a
New
Linter
to
the
Tree
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Linter
Requirements
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
a
linter
to
be
integrated
into
the
mozilla
-
central
tree
it
needs
to
have
:
*
Any
required
dependencies
should
be
installed
as
part
of
.
/
mach
bootstrap
*
A
.
/
mach
lint
interface
*
Running
.
/
mach
lint
command
must
pass
(
note
linters
can
be
disabled
for
individual
directories
)
*
Taskcluster
/
Treeherder
integration
*
In
tree
documentation
(
under
docs
/
code
-
quality
/
lint
)
to
give
a
basic
summary
links
and
any
other
useful
information
*
Unit
tests
(
under
tools
/
lint
/
test
)
to
make
sure
that
the
linter
works
as
expected
and
we
don
'
t
regress
.
The
review
group
in
Phabricator
is
#
linter
-
reviewers
.
Linter
Basics
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A
linter
is
a
yaml
file
with
a
.
yml
extension
.
Depending
on
how
the
type
of
linter
there
may
be
python
code
alongside
the
definition
pointed
to
by
the
'
payload
'
attribute
.
Here
'
s
a
trivial
example
:
no
-
eval
.
yml
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
EvalLinter
:
description
:
Ensures
the
string
eval
doesn
'
t
show
up
.
extensions
:
[
'
js
'
]
type
:
string
payload
:
eval
Now
no
-
eval
.
yml
gets
passed
into
:
func
:
LintRoller
.
read
.
Linter
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
four
types
of
linters
though
more
may
be
added
in
the
future
.
1
.
string
-
fails
if
substring
is
found
2
.
regex
-
fails
if
regex
matches
3
.
external
-
fails
if
a
python
function
returns
a
non
-
empty
result
list
4
.
structured_log
-
fails
if
a
mozlog
logger
emits
any
lint_error
or
lint_warning
log
messages
As
seen
from
the
example
above
string
and
regex
linters
are
very
easy
to
create
but
they
should
be
avoided
if
possible
.
It
is
much
better
to
use
a
context
aware
linter
for
the
language
you
are
trying
to
lint
.
For
example
use
eslint
to
lint
JavaScript
files
use
flake8
to
lint
python
files
etc
.
Which
brings
us
to
the
third
and
most
interesting
type
of
linter
external
.
External
linters
call
an
arbitrary
python
function
which
is
responsible
for
not
only
running
the
linter
but
ensuring
the
results
are
structured
properly
.
For
example
an
external
type
could
shell
out
to
a
3rd
party
linter
collect
the
output
and
format
it
into
a
list
of
:
class
:
Issue
objects
.
The
signature
for
this
python
function
is
lint
(
files
config
*
*
kwargs
)
where
files
is
a
list
of
files
to
lint
and
config
is
the
linter
definition
defined
in
the
.
yml
file
.
Structured
log
linters
are
much
like
external
linters
but
suitable
for
cases
where
the
linter
code
is
using
mozlog
and
emits
lint_error
or
lint_warning
logging
messages
when
the
lint
fails
.
This
is
recommended
for
writing
novel
gecko
-
specific
lints
.
In
this
case
the
signature
for
lint
functions
is
lint
(
files
config
logger
*
*
kwargs
)
.
Linter
Definition
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
.
yml
file
must
have
at
least
one
linter
defined
in
it
.
Here
are
the
supported
keys
:
*
description
-
A
brief
description
of
the
linter
'
s
purpose
(
required
)
*
type
-
One
of
'
string
'
'
regex
'
or
'
external
'
(
required
)
*
payload
-
The
actual
linting
logic
depends
on
the
type
(
required
)
*
include
-
A
list
of
file
paths
that
will
be
considered
(
optional
)
*
exclude
-
A
list
of
file
paths
or
glob
patterns
that
must
not
be
matched
(
optional
)
*
extensions
-
A
list
of
file
extensions
to
be
considered
(
optional
)
*
setup
-
A
function
that
sets
up
external
dependencies
(
optional
)
*
support
-
files
-
A
list
of
glob
patterns
matching
configuration
files
(
optional
)
*
find
-
dotfiles
-
If
set
to
true
run
on
dot
files
(
.
*
)
(
optional
)
In
addition
to
the
above
some
.
yml
files
correspond
to
a
single
lint
rule
.
For
these
the
following
additional
keys
may
be
specified
:
*
message
-
A
string
to
print
on
infraction
(
optional
)
*
hint
-
A
string
with
a
clue
on
how
to
fix
the
infraction
(
optional
)
*
rule
-
An
id
string
for
the
lint
rule
(
optional
)
*
level
-
The
severity
of
the
infraction
either
'
error
'
or
'
warning
'
(
optional
)
For
structured_log
lints
the
following
additional
keys
apply
:
*
logger
-
A
StructuredLog
object
to
use
for
logging
.
If
not
supplied
one
will
be
created
(
optional
)
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Here
is
an
example
of
an
external
linter
that
shells
out
to
the
python
flake8
linter
let
'
s
call
the
file
flake8_lint
.
py
(
in
-
tree
version
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
python
/
flake8
.
py
>
_
)
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
json
import
os
import
subprocess
from
collections
import
defaultdict
from
mozlint
import
result
try
:
from
shutil
import
which
except
ImportError
:
from
shutil_which
import
which
FLAKE8_NOT_FOUND
=
"
"
"
Could
not
find
flake8
!
Install
flake8
and
try
again
.
"
"
"
.
strip
(
)
def
lint
(
files
config
*
*
lintargs
)
:
binary
=
os
.
environ
.
get
(
'
FLAKE8
'
)
if
not
binary
:
binary
=
which
(
'
flake8
'
)
if
not
binary
:
print
(
FLAKE8_NOT_FOUND
)
return
1
#
Flake8
allows
passing
in
a
custom
format
string
.
We
use
#
this
to
help
mold
the
default
flake8
format
into
what
#
mozlint
'
s
Issue
object
expects
.
cmdargs
=
[
binary
'
-
-
format
'
'
{
"
path
"
:
"
%
(
path
)
s
"
"
lineno
"
:
%
(
row
)
s
"
column
"
:
%
(
col
)
s
"
rule
"
:
"
%
(
code
)
s
"
"
message
"
:
"
%
(
text
)
s
"
}
'
]
+
files
proc
=
subprocess
.
Popen
(
cmdargs
stdout
=
subprocess
.
PIPE
env
=
os
.
environ
)
output
=
proc
.
communicate
(
)
[
0
]
#
all
passed
if
not
output
:
return
[
]
results
=
[
]
for
line
in
output
.
splitlines
(
)
:
#
res
is
a
dict
of
the
form
specified
by
-
-
format
above
res
=
json
.
loads
(
line
)
#
parse
level
out
of
the
id
string
if
'
code
'
in
res
and
res
[
'
code
'
]
.
startswith
(
'
W
'
)
:
res
[
'
level
'
]
=
'
warning
'
#
result
.
from_linter
is
a
convenience
method
that
#
creates
a
Issue
using
a
LINTER
definition
#
to
populate
some
defaults
.
results
.
append
(
result
.
from_config
(
config
*
*
res
)
)
return
results
Now
here
is
the
linter
definition
that
would
call
it
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
flake8
:
description
:
Python
linter
include
:
[
'
.
'
]
extensions
:
[
'
py
'
]
type
:
external
payload
:
py
.
flake8
:
lint
support
-
files
:
-
'
*
*
/
.
flake8
'
Notice
the
payload
has
two
parts
delimited
by
'
:
'
.
The
first
is
the
module
path
which
mozlint
will
attempt
to
import
.
The
second
is
the
object
path
within
that
module
(
e
.
g
the
name
of
a
function
to
call
)
.
It
is
up
to
consumers
of
mozlint
to
ensure
the
module
is
in
sys
.
path
.
Structured
log
linters
use
the
same
import
mechanism
.
The
support
-
files
key
is
used
to
list
configuration
files
or
files
related
to
the
running
of
the
linter
itself
.
If
using
-
-
outgoing
or
-
-
workdir
and
one
of
these
files
was
modified
the
entire
tree
will
be
linted
instead
of
just
the
modified
files
.
Result
definition
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
When
generating
the
list
of
results
the
following
values
are
available
.
.
.
csv
-
table
:
:
:
header
:
"
Name
"
"
Description
"
"
Optional
"
:
widths
:
20
40
10
"
linter
"
"
Name
of
the
linter
that
flagged
this
error
"
"
"
"
path
"
"
Path
to
the
file
containing
the
error
"
"
"
"
message
"
"
Text
describing
the
error
"
"
"
"
lineno
"
"
Line
number
that
contains
the
error
"
"
"
"
column
"
"
Column
containing
the
error
"
"
"
"
level
"
"
Severity
of
the
error
either
'
warning
'
or
'
error
'
(
default
'
error
'
)
"
"
Yes
"
"
hint
"
"
Suggestion
for
fixing
the
error
"
"
Yes
"
"
source
"
"
Source
code
context
of
the
error
"
"
Yes
"
"
rule
"
"
Name
of
the
rule
that
was
violated
"
"
Yes
"
"
lineoffset
"
"
Denotes
an
error
spans
multiple
lines
of
the
form
(
<
lineno
offset
>
<
num
lines
>
)
"
"
Yes
"
"
diff
"
"
A
diff
describing
the
changes
that
need
to
be
made
to
the
code
"
"
Yes
"
Automated
testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Every
new
checker
must
have
tests
associated
.
They
should
be
pretty
easy
to
write
as
most
of
the
work
is
managed
by
the
Mozlint
framework
.
The
key
declaration
is
the
LINTER
variable
which
must
match
the
linker
declaration
.
As
an
example
the
Flake8
test
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
test
/
test_flake8
.
py
>
_
looks
like
the
following
snippet
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
mozunit
LINTER
=
'
flake8
'
def
test_lint_single_file
(
lint
paths
)
:
results
=
lint
(
paths
(
'
bad
.
py
'
)
)
assert
len
(
results
)
=
=
2
assert
results
[
0
]
.
rule
=
=
'
F401
'
assert
results
[
1
]
.
rule
=
=
'
E501
'
assert
results
[
1
]
.
lineno
=
=
5
if
__name__
=
=
'
__main__
'
:
mozunit
.
main
(
)
As
always
with
tests
please
make
sure
that
enough
positive
and
negative
cases
are
covered
.
To
run
the
tests
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
python
-
test
-
-
python
3
-
-
subsuite
mozlint
More
tests
can
be
found
in
-
tree
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
test
>
_
.
Bootstrapping
Dependencies
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Many
linters
especially
3rd
party
ones
will
require
a
set
of
dependencies
.
It
could
be
as
simple
as
installing
a
binary
from
a
package
manager
or
as
complicated
as
pulling
a
whole
graph
of
tools
plugins
and
their
dependencies
.
Either
way
to
reduce
the
burden
on
users
linters
should
strive
to
provide
automated
bootstrapping
of
all
their
dependencies
.
To
help
with
this
mozlint
allows
linters
to
define
a
setup
config
which
has
the
same
path
object
format
as
an
external
payload
.
For
example
(
in
-
tree
version
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
flake8
.
yml
>
_
)
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
flake8
:
description
:
Python
linter
include
:
[
'
.
'
]
extensions
:
[
'
py
'
]
type
:
external
payload
:
py
.
flake8
:
lint
setup
:
py
.
flake8
:
setup
The
setup
function
takes
a
single
argument
the
root
of
the
repository
being
linted
.
In
the
case
of
flake8
it
might
look
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
subprocess
from
distutils
.
spawn
import
find_executable
def
setup
(
root
*
*
lintargs
)
:
#
This
is
a
simple
example
.
Please
look
at
the
actual
source
for
better
examples
.
if
not
find_executable
(
'
flake8
'
)
:
subprocess
.
call
(
[
'
pip
'
'
install
'
'
flake8
'
]
)
The
setup
function
will
be
called
implicitly
before
running
the
linter
.
This
means
it
should
return
fast
and
not
produce
any
output
if
there
is
no
setup
to
be
performed
.
The
setup
functions
can
also
be
called
explicitly
by
running
mach
lint
-
-
setup
.
This
will
only
perform
setup
and
not
perform
any
linting
.
It
is
mainly
useful
for
other
tools
like
mach
bootstrap
to
call
into
.
Adding
the
linter
to
the
CI
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
First
the
job
will
have
to
be
declared
in
Taskcluster
.
This
should
be
done
in
the
mozlint
Taskcluster
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
ci
/
source
-
test
/
mozlint
.
yml
>
_
.
You
will
need
to
define
a
symbol
how
it
is
executed
and
on
what
kind
of
change
.
For
example
for
flake8
the
configuration
is
the
following
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
py
-
flake8
:
description
:
flake8
run
over
the
gecko
codebase
treeherder
:
symbol
:
py
(
f8
)
run
:
mach
:
lint
-
l
flake8
-
f
treeherder
-
f
json
:
/
builds
/
worker
/
mozlint
.
json
when
:
files
-
changed
:
-
'
*
*
/
*
.
py
'
-
'
*
*
/
.
flake8
'
#
moz
.
configure
files
are
also
Python
files
.
-
'
*
*
/
*
.
configure
'
If
the
linter
requires
an
external
program
you
will
have
to
install
it
in
the
setup
script
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
docker
/
lint
/
system
-
setup
.
sh
>
_
and
maybe
install
the
necessary
files
in
the
Docker
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
docker
/
lint
/
Dockerfile
>
_
.
.
.
note
:
:
If
the
defect
found
by
the
linter
is
minor
make
sure
that
it
is
run
as
tier
2
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Sheriffing
/
Job_Visibility_Policy
#
Overview_of_the_Job_Visibility_Tiers
>
_
.
This
prevents
the
tree
from
closing
because
of
a
tiny
issue
.
For
example
the
typo
detection
is
run
as
tier
-
2
.

Commit message:

Bug 1647265 - mozlint: when type is 'regex', add the capability to ignore the case r=ahal
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D80477

UltraBlame original commit: 22529c87c9e890faf8bb41f64f289b4689f481d4

docs/code-quality/lint/create.rst, after:

Adding
a
New
Linter
to
the
Tree
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Linter
Requirements
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
a
linter
to
be
integrated
into
the
mozilla
-
central
tree
it
needs
to
have
:
*
Any
required
dependencies
should
be
installed
as
part
of
.
/
mach
bootstrap
*
A
.
/
mach
lint
interface
*
Running
.
/
mach
lint
command
must
pass
(
note
linters
can
be
disabled
for
individual
directories
)
*
Taskcluster
/
Treeherder
integration
*
In
tree
documentation
(
under
docs
/
code
-
quality
/
lint
)
to
give
a
basic
summary
links
and
any
other
useful
information
*
Unit
tests
(
under
tools
/
lint
/
test
)
to
make
sure
that
the
linter
works
as
expected
and
we
don
'
t
regress
.
The
review
group
in
Phabricator
is
#
linter
-
reviewers
.
Linter
Basics
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A
linter
is
a
yaml
file
with
a
.
yml
extension
.
Depending
on
how
the
type
of
linter
there
may
be
python
code
alongside
the
definition
pointed
to
by
the
'
payload
'
attribute
.
Here
'
s
a
trivial
example
:
no
-
eval
.
yml
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
EvalLinter
:
description
:
Ensures
the
string
eval
doesn
'
t
show
up
.
extensions
:
[
'
js
'
]
type
:
string
payload
:
eval
Now
no
-
eval
.
yml
gets
passed
into
:
func
:
LintRoller
.
read
.
Linter
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
four
types
of
linters
though
more
may
be
added
in
the
future
.
1
.
string
-
fails
if
substring
is
found
2
.
regex
-
fails
if
regex
matches
3
.
external
-
fails
if
a
python
function
returns
a
non
-
empty
result
list
4
.
structured_log
-
fails
if
a
mozlog
logger
emits
any
lint_error
or
lint_warning
log
messages
As
seen
from
the
example
above
string
and
regex
linters
are
very
easy
to
create
but
they
should
be
avoided
if
possible
.
It
is
much
better
to
use
a
context
aware
linter
for
the
language
you
are
trying
to
lint
.
For
example
use
eslint
to
lint
JavaScript
files
use
flake8
to
lint
python
files
etc
.
Which
brings
us
to
the
third
and
most
interesting
type
of
linter
external
.
External
linters
call
an
arbitrary
python
function
which
is
responsible
for
not
only
running
the
linter
but
ensuring
the
results
are
structured
properly
.
For
example
an
external
type
could
shell
out
to
a
3rd
party
linter
collect
the
output
and
format
it
into
a
list
of
:
class
:
Issue
objects
.
The
signature
for
this
python
function
is
lint
(
files
config
*
*
kwargs
)
where
files
is
a
list
of
files
to
lint
and
config
is
the
linter
definition
defined
in
the
.
yml
file
.
Structured
log
linters
are
much
like
external
linters
but
suitable
for
cases
where
the
linter
code
is
using
mozlog
and
emits
lint_error
or
lint_warning
logging
messages
when
the
lint
fails
.
This
is
recommended
for
writing
novel
gecko
-
specific
lints
.
In
this
case
the
signature
for
lint
functions
is
lint
(
files
config
logger
*
*
kwargs
)
.
Linter
Definition
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Each
.
yml
file
must
have
at
least
one
linter
defined
in
it
.
Here
are
the
supported
keys
:
*
description
-
A
brief
description
of
the
linter
'
s
purpose
(
required
)
*
type
-
One
of
'
string
'
'
regex
'
or
'
external
'
(
required
)
*
payload
-
The
actual
linting
logic
depends
on
the
type
(
required
)
*
include
-
A
list
of
file
paths
that
will
be
considered
(
optional
)
*
exclude
-
A
list
of
file
paths
or
glob
patterns
that
must
not
be
matched
(
optional
)
*
extensions
-
A
list
of
file
extensions
to
be
considered
(
optional
)
*
setup
-
A
function
that
sets
up
external
dependencies
(
optional
)
*
support
-
files
-
A
list
of
glob
patterns
matching
configuration
files
(
optional
)
*
find
-
dotfiles
-
If
set
to
true
run
on
dot
files
(
.
*
)
(
optional
)
*
ignore
-
case
-
If
set
to
true
and
type
is
regex
ignore
the
case
(
optional
)
In
addition
to
the
above
some
.
yml
files
correspond
to
a
single
lint
rule
.
For
these
the
following
additional
keys
may
be
specified
:
*
message
-
A
string
to
print
on
infraction
(
optional
)
*
hint
-
A
string
with
a
clue
on
how
to
fix
the
infraction
(
optional
)
*
rule
-
An
id
string
for
the
lint
rule
(
optional
)
*
level
-
The
severity
of
the
infraction
either
'
error
'
or
'
warning
'
(
optional
)
For
structured_log
lints
the
following
additional
keys
apply
:
*
logger
-
A
StructuredLog
object
to
use
for
logging
.
If
not
supplied
one
will
be
created
(
optional
)
Example
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Here
is
an
example
of
an
external
linter
that
shells
out
to
the
python
flake8
linter
let
'
s
call
the
file
flake8_lint
.
py
(
in
-
tree
version
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
python
/
flake8
.
py
>
_
)
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
json
import
os
import
subprocess
from
collections
import
defaultdict
from
mozlint
import
result
try
:
from
shutil
import
which
except
ImportError
:
from
shutil_which
import
which
FLAKE8_NOT_FOUND
=
"
"
"
Could
not
find
flake8
!
Install
flake8
and
try
again
.
"
"
"
.
strip
(
)
def
lint
(
files
config
*
*
lintargs
)
:
binary
=
os
.
environ
.
get
(
'
FLAKE8
'
)
if
not
binary
:
binary
=
which
(
'
flake8
'
)
if
not
binary
:
print
(
FLAKE8_NOT_FOUND
)
return
1
#
Flake8
allows
passing
in
a
custom
format
string
.
We
use
#
this
to
help
mold
the
default
flake8
format
into
what
#
mozlint
'
s
Issue
object
expects
.
cmdargs
=
[
binary
'
-
-
format
'
'
{
"
path
"
:
"
%
(
path
)
s
"
"
lineno
"
:
%
(
row
)
s
"
column
"
:
%
(
col
)
s
"
rule
"
:
"
%
(
code
)
s
"
"
message
"
:
"
%
(
text
)
s
"
}
'
]
+
files
proc
=
subprocess
.
Popen
(
cmdargs
stdout
=
subprocess
.
PIPE
env
=
os
.
environ
)
output
=
proc
.
communicate
(
)
[
0
]
#
all
passed
if
not
output
:
return
[
]
results
=
[
]
for
line
in
output
.
splitlines
(
)
:
#
res
is
a
dict
of
the
form
specified
by
-
-
format
above
res
=
json
.
loads
(
line
)
#
parse
level
out
of
the
id
string
if
'
code
'
in
res
and
res
[
'
code
'
]
.
startswith
(
'
W
'
)
:
res
[
'
level
'
]
=
'
warning
'
#
result
.
from_linter
is
a
convenience
method
that
#
creates
a
Issue
using
a
LINTER
definition
#
to
populate
some
defaults
.
results
.
append
(
result
.
from_config
(
config
*
*
res
)
)
return
results
Now
here
is
the
linter
definition
that
would
call
it
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
flake8
:
description
:
Python
linter
include
:
[
'
.
'
]
extensions
:
[
'
py
'
]
type
:
external
payload
:
py
.
flake8
:
lint
support
-
files
:
-
'
*
*
/
.
flake8
'
Notice
the
payload
has
two
parts
delimited
by
'
:
'
.
The
first
is
the
module
path
which
mozlint
will
attempt
to
import
.
The
second
is
the
object
path
within
that
module
(
e
.
g
the
name
of
a
function
to
call
)
.
It
is
up
to
consumers
of
mozlint
to
ensure
the
module
is
in
sys
.
path
.
Structured
log
linters
use
the
same
import
mechanism
.
The
support
-
files
key
is
used
to
list
configuration
files
or
files
related
to
the
running
of
the
linter
itself
.
If
using
-
-
outgoing
or
-
-
workdir
and
one
of
these
files
was
modified
the
entire
tree
will
be
linted
instead
of
just
the
modified
files
.
Result
definition
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
When
generating
the
list
of
results
the
following
values
are
available
.
.
.
csv
-
table
:
:
:
header
:
"
Name
"
"
Description
"
"
Optional
"
:
widths
:
20
40
10
"
linter
"
"
Name
of
the
linter
that
flagged
this
error
"
"
"
"
path
"
"
Path
to
the
file
containing
the
error
"
"
"
"
message
"
"
Text
describing
the
error
"
"
"
"
lineno
"
"
Line
number
that
contains
the
error
"
"
"
"
column
"
"
Column
containing
the
error
"
"
"
"
level
"
"
Severity
of
the
error
either
'
warning
'
or
'
error
'
(
default
'
error
'
)
"
"
Yes
"
"
hint
"
"
Suggestion
for
fixing
the
error
"
"
Yes
"
"
source
"
"
Source
code
context
of
the
error
"
"
Yes
"
"
rule
"
"
Name
of
the
rule
that
was
violated
"
"
Yes
"
"
lineoffset
"
"
Denotes
an
error
spans
multiple
lines
of
the
form
(
<
lineno
offset
>
<
num
lines
>
)
"
"
Yes
"
"
diff
"
"
A
diff
describing
the
changes
that
need
to
be
made
to
the
code
"
"
Yes
"
Automated
testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Every
new
checker
must
have
tests
associated
.
They
should
be
pretty
easy
to
write
as
most
of
the
work
is
managed
by
the
Mozlint
framework
.
The
key
declaration
is
the
LINTER
variable
which
must
match
the
linker
declaration
.
As
an
example
the
Flake8
test
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
test
/
test_flake8
.
py
>
_
looks
like
the
following
snippet
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
mozunit
LINTER
=
'
flake8
'
def
test_lint_single_file
(
lint
paths
)
:
results
=
lint
(
paths
(
'
bad
.
py
'
)
)
assert
len
(
results
)
=
=
2
assert
results
[
0
]
.
rule
=
=
'
F401
'
assert
results
[
1
]
.
rule
=
=
'
E501
'
assert
results
[
1
]
.
lineno
=
=
5
if
__name__
=
=
'
__main__
'
:
mozunit
.
main
(
)
As
always
with
tests
please
make
sure
that
enough
positive
and
negative
cases
are
covered
.
To
run
the
tests
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
python
-
test
-
-
python
3
-
-
subsuite
mozlint
More
tests
can
be
found
in
-
tree
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
test
>
_
.
Bootstrapping
Dependencies
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Many
linters
especially
3rd
party
ones
will
require
a
set
of
dependencies
.
It
could
be
as
simple
as
installing
a
binary
from
a
package
manager
or
as
complicated
as
pulling
a
whole
graph
of
tools
plugins
and
their
dependencies
.
Either
way
to
reduce
the
burden
on
users
linters
should
strive
to
provide
automated
bootstrapping
of
all
their
dependencies
.
To
help
with
this
mozlint
allows
linters
to
define
a
setup
config
which
has
the
same
path
object
format
as
an
external
payload
.
For
example
(
in
-
tree
version
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
flake8
.
yml
>
_
)
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
flake8
:
description
:
Python
linter
include
:
[
'
.
'
]
extensions
:
[
'
py
'
]
type
:
external
payload
:
py
.
flake8
:
lint
setup
:
py
.
flake8
:
setup
The
setup
function
takes
a
single
argument
the
root
of
the
repository
being
linted
.
In
the
case
of
flake8
it
might
look
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
python
import
subprocess
from
distutils
.
spawn
import
find_executable
def
setup
(
root
*
*
lintargs
)
:
#
This
is
a
simple
example
.
Please
look
at
the
actual
source
for
better
examples
.
if
not
find_executable
(
'
flake8
'
)
:
subprocess
.
call
(
[
'
pip
'
'
install
'
'
flake8
'
]
)
The
setup
function
will
be
called
implicitly
before
running
the
linter
.
This
means
it
should
return
fast
and
not
produce
any
output
if
there
is
no
setup
to
be
performed
.
The
setup
functions
can
also
be
called
explicitly
by
running
mach
lint
-
-
setup
.
This
will
only
perform
setup
and
not
perform
any
linting
.
It
is
mainly
useful
for
other
tools
like
mach
bootstrap
to
call
into
.
Adding
the
linter
to
the
CI
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
First
the
job
will
have
to
be
declared
in
Taskcluster
.
This
should
be
done
in
the
mozlint
Taskcluster
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
ci
/
source
-
test
/
mozlint
.
yml
>
_
.
You
will
need
to
define
a
symbol
how
it
is
executed
and
on
what
kind
of
change
.
For
example
for
flake8
the
configuration
is
the
following
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
yaml
py
-
flake8
:
description
:
flake8
run
over
the
gecko
codebase
treeherder
:
symbol
:
py
(
f8
)
run
:
mach
:
lint
-
l
flake8
-
f
treeherder
-
f
json
:
/
builds
/
worker
/
mozlint
.
json
when
:
files
-
changed
:
-
'
*
*
/
*
.
py
'
-
'
*
*
/
.
flake8
'
#
moz
.
configure
files
are
also
Python
files
.
-
'
*
*
/
*
.
configure
'
If
the
linter
requires
an
external
program
you
will
have
to
install
it
in
the
setup
script
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
docker
/
lint
/
system
-
setup
.
sh
>
_
and
maybe
install
the
necessary
files
in
the
Docker
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
docker
/
lint
/
Dockerfile
>
_
.
.
.
note
:
:
If
the
defect
found
by
the
linter
is
minor
make
sure
that
it
is
run
as
tier
2
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Sheriffing
/
Job_Visibility_Policy
#
Overview_of_the_Job_Visibility_Tiers
>
_
.
This
prevents
the
tree
from
closing
because
of
a
tiny
issue
.
For
example
the
typo
detection
is
run
as
tier
-
2
.
