docs/code-quality/lint/usage.rst, before:

Running
Linters
Locally
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Using
the
Command
Line
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
run
all
the
various
linters
in
the
tree
using
the
mach
lint
command
.
Simply
pass
in
the
directory
or
file
you
wish
to
lint
(
defaults
to
current
working
directory
)
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
path
/
to
/
files
Multiple
paths
are
allowed
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
path
/
to
/
foo
.
js
path
/
to
/
bar
.
py
path
/
to
/
dir
To
force
execution
on
a
directory
that
would
otherwise
be
excluded
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
n
path
/
in
/
the
/
exclude
/
list
Mozlint
will
automatically
determine
which
types
of
files
exist
and
which
linters
need
to
be
run
against
them
.
For
example
if
the
directory
contains
both
JavaScript
and
Python
files
then
mozlint
will
automatically
run
both
ESLint
and
Flake8
against
those
files
respectively
.
To
restrict
which
linters
are
invoked
manually
pass
in
-
l
/
-
-
linter
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
l
eslint
path
/
to
/
files
Finally
mozlint
can
lint
the
files
touched
by
outgoing
revisions
or
the
working
directory
using
the
-
o
/
-
-
outgoing
and
-
w
/
-
-
workdir
arguments
respectively
.
These
work
both
with
mercurial
and
git
.
In
the
case
of
-
-
outgoing
the
default
remote
repository
the
changes
would
be
pushed
to
is
used
as
the
comparison
.
If
desired
a
remote
can
be
specified
manually
.
In
git
you
may
only
want
to
lint
staged
commits
from
the
working
directory
this
can
be
accomplished
with
-
-
workdir
=
staged
.
Examples
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
workdir
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
workdir
=
staged
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
outgoing
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
outgoing
origin
/
master
.
/
mach
lint
-
wo
Using
a
VCS
Hook
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
also
both
pre
-
commit
and
pre
-
push
version
control
hooks
that
work
in
either
hg
or
git
.
To
enable
a
pre
-
push
hg
hook
add
the
following
to
hgrc
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
[
hooks
]
pre
-
push
.
lint
=
python
:
.
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
:
hg
To
enable
a
pre
-
commit
hg
hook
add
the
following
to
hgrc
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
[
hooks
]
pretxncommit
.
lint
=
python
:
.
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
:
hg
To
enable
a
pre
-
push
git
hook
run
the
following
command
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
ln
-
s
/
path
/
to
/
gecko
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
.
git
/
hooks
/
pre
-
push
To
enable
a
pre
-
commit
git
hook
run
the
following
command
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
ln
-
s
/
path
/
to
/
gecko
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
.
git
/
hooks
/
pre
-
commit
Fixing
Lint
Errors
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozlint
has
a
best
-
effort
ability
to
fix
lint
errors
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
fix
Not
all
linters
support
fixing
and
even
the
ones
that
do
can
not
usually
fix
all
types
of
errors
.
Any
errors
that
cannot
be
automatically
fixed
will
be
printed
to
stdout
like
normal
.
In
that
case
you
can
also
fix
errors
manually
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
edit
This
requires
the
EDITOR
environment
variable
be
defined
.
For
most
editors
this
will
simply
open
each
file
containing
errors
one
at
a
time
.
For
vim
(
or
neovim
)
this
will
populate
the
quickfix
list
_
with
the
errors
.
The
-
-
fix
and
-
-
edit
arguments
can
be
combined
in
which
case
any
errors
that
can
be
fixed
automatically
will
be
and
the
rest
will
be
opened
with
your
EDITOR
.
.
.
_quickfix
list
:
http
:
/
/
vimdoc
.
sourceforge
.
net
/
htmldoc
/
quickfix
.
html

Commit message:

Bug 1623656 - [mozlint] Make output of ./mach lint --list readable, r=linter-reviewers,sylvestre
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D67501

UltraBlame original commit: ca4de261117f85e726c8d62f13d850b2fb5fd115

docs/code-quality/lint/usage.rst, after:

Running
Linters
Locally
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Using
the
Command
Line
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
run
all
the
various
linters
in
the
tree
using
the
mach
lint
command
.
Simply
pass
in
the
directory
or
file
you
wish
to
lint
(
defaults
to
current
working
directory
)
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
path
/
to
/
files
Multiple
paths
are
allowed
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
path
/
to
/
foo
.
js
path
/
to
/
bar
.
py
path
/
to
/
dir
To
force
execution
on
a
directory
that
would
otherwise
be
excluded
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
n
path
/
in
/
the
/
exclude
/
list
Mozlint
will
automatically
determine
which
types
of
files
exist
and
which
linters
need
to
be
run
against
them
.
For
example
if
the
directory
contains
both
JavaScript
and
Python
files
then
mozlint
will
automatically
run
both
ESLint
and
Flake8
against
those
files
respectively
.
To
restrict
which
linters
are
invoked
manually
pass
in
-
l
/
-
-
linter
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
l
eslint
path
/
to
/
files
You
can
see
a
list
of
the
available
linters
by
running
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
list
Finally
mozlint
can
lint
the
files
touched
by
outgoing
revisions
or
the
working
directory
using
the
-
o
/
-
-
outgoing
and
-
w
/
-
-
workdir
arguments
respectively
.
These
work
both
with
mercurial
and
git
.
In
the
case
of
-
-
outgoing
the
default
remote
repository
the
changes
would
be
pushed
to
is
used
as
the
comparison
.
If
desired
a
remote
can
be
specified
manually
.
In
git
you
may
only
want
to
lint
staged
commits
from
the
working
directory
this
can
be
accomplished
with
-
-
workdir
=
staged
.
Examples
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
workdir
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
workdir
=
staged
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
outgoing
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
outgoing
origin
/
master
.
/
mach
lint
-
wo
Using
a
VCS
Hook
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
There
are
also
both
pre
-
commit
and
pre
-
push
version
control
hooks
that
work
in
either
hg
or
git
.
To
enable
a
pre
-
push
hg
hook
add
the
following
to
hgrc
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
[
hooks
]
pre
-
push
.
lint
=
python
:
.
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
:
hg
To
enable
a
pre
-
commit
hg
hook
add
the
following
to
hgrc
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
[
hooks
]
pretxncommit
.
lint
=
python
:
.
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
:
hg
To
enable
a
pre
-
push
git
hook
run
the
following
command
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
ln
-
s
/
path
/
to
/
gecko
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
.
git
/
hooks
/
pre
-
push
To
enable
a
pre
-
commit
git
hook
run
the
following
command
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
ln
-
s
/
path
/
to
/
gecko
/
tools
/
lint
/
hooks
.
py
.
git
/
hooks
/
pre
-
commit
Fixing
Lint
Errors
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Mozlint
has
a
best
-
effort
ability
to
fix
lint
errors
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
fix
Not
all
linters
support
fixing
and
even
the
ones
that
do
can
not
usually
fix
all
types
of
errors
.
Any
errors
that
cannot
be
automatically
fixed
will
be
printed
to
stdout
like
normal
.
In
that
case
you
can
also
fix
errors
manually
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
.
/
mach
lint
-
-
edit
This
requires
the
EDITOR
environment
variable
be
defined
.
For
most
editors
this
will
simply
open
each
file
containing
errors
one
at
a
time
.
For
vim
(
or
neovim
)
this
will
populate
the
quickfix
list
_
with
the
errors
.
The
-
-
fix
and
-
-
edit
arguments
can
be
combined
in
which
case
any
errors
that
can
be
fixed
automatically
will
be
and
the
rest
will
be
opened
with
your
EDITOR
.
.
.
_quickfix
list
:
http
:
/
/
vimdoc
.
sourceforge
.
net
/
htmldoc
/
quickfix
.
html
