toolkit/components/glean/docs/testing.md, before:

#
Testing
Given
the
multiple
API
languages
processes
and
dependencies
testing
FOG
is
a
matter
of
choosing
the
right
tool
for
the
situation
.
#
#
Logging
An
often
-
overlooked
first
line
of
testing
is
"
what
do
the
logs
say
?
"
.
To
turn
on
logging
for
FOG
use
any
of
the
following
:
*
Run
Firefox
with
RUST_LOG
=
"
fog_control
fog
glean_core
"
.
*
On
some
platforms
this
will
use
terminal
colours
to
indicate
log
level
.
*
Run
Firefox
with
MOZ_LOG
=
"
timestamp
glean
:
:
*
:
5
fog
:
:
*
:
5
fog_control
:
:
*
:
5
glean_core
:
:
*
:
5
"
.
*
Set
the
following
prefs
:
*
logging
.
config
.
timestamp
to
true
*
logging
.
fog_control
:
:
*
to
5
*
logging
.
fog
:
:
*
to
5
*
logging
.
glean_core
:
:
*
to
5
For
more
information
on
logging
in
Firefox
Desktop
see
the
[
Gecko
Logging
docs
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Gecko_Logging
)
.
#
#
about
:
glean
about
:
glean
is
a
page
in
a
running
Firefox
that
allows
you
to
[
debug
the
Glean
SDK
]
(
https
:
/
/
mozilla
.
github
.
io
/
glean
/
book
/
user
/
debugging
/
index
.
html
)
in
Firefox
Desktop
.
It
does
this
through
the
displayed
user
interface
(
just
follow
the
instructions
)
.
#
#
Rust
Not
all
of
our
Rust
code
can
be
tested
in
a
single
fashion
unfortunately
.
#
#
#
Using
rusttests
If
the
crate
you
'
re
testing
has
no
Gecko
symbols
you
can
write
standard
[
Rust
tests
]
(
https
:
/
/
doc
.
rust
-
lang
.
org
/
book
/
ch11
-
01
-
writing
-
tests
.
html
)
.
This
supports
both
unit
tests
(
inline
in
the
file
under
test
)
and
integration
tests
(
in
the
tests
/
folder
in
the
crate
root
)
.
To
run
FOG
'
s
rusttests
suite
use
mach
rusttests
If
the
crate
uses
only
a
few
Gecko
symbols
they
may
use
the
with_gecko
feature
to
conditionally
use
them
.
This
allows
the
crate
to
test
its
non
-
Gecko
-
adjacent
code
using
Rust
tests
.
(
You
will
need
to
cover
the
Gecko
-
adjacent
code
via
another
means
.
)
#
#
#
Using
gtest
Because
Gecko
symbols
aren
'
t
built
for
the
rusttests
build
any
test
that
is
written
for
code
that
uses
Gecko
symbols
should
be
written
as
a
[
gtest
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
google
/
googletest
)
in
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
.
You
can
write
the
actual
test
code
in
Rust
.
It
needs
to
be
accompanied
by
a
C
+
+
GTest
that
calls
a
C
FFI
-
exported
Rust
function
.
See
[
Testing
&
Debugging
Rust
Code
]
(
/
testing
-
rust
-
code
/
)
for
more
.
See
[
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
TestFog
.
cpp
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
TestFog
.
cpp
)
and
[
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
test
.
rs
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
test
.
rs
)
for
an
example
.
By
necessity
these
can
only
be
integration
tests
against
the
compiled
crate
.
*
*
Note
:
*
*
When
adding
a
new
test
file
don
'
t
forget
to
add
it
to
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
moz
.
build
and
use
the
FOG
prefix
in
your
test
names
(
e
.
g
.
TEST
(
FOG
YourTestName
)
{
.
.
.
}
)
.
To
run
FOG
'
s
Rust
gtest
suite
use
mach
gtest
FOG
.
*
#
#
Python
The
[
Glean
Parser
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
glean_parser
/
)
has
been
augmented
to
generate
FOG
-
specific
APIs
for
Glean
metrics
.
This
augmentation
is
tested
by
running
:
mach
test
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
pytest
These
tests
require
Python
3
+
.
If
your
default
Python
is
Python
2
you
may
need
to
instead
run
:
mach
python
-
test
-
-
python
3
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
pytest
#
#
C
+
+
To
test
the
C
+
+
parts
of
FOG
'
s
implementation
(
like
metric
types
)
you
should
use
gtest
.
FOG
'
s
gtest
tests
are
in
[
gtest
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
)
.
You
can
either
add
a
test
case
to
an
existing
file
or
add
a
new
file
.
If
you
add
a
new
file
remember
to
add
it
to
the
[
moz
.
build
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
moz
.
build
)
)
or
the
test
runner
won
'
t
be
able
to
find
it
.
All
tests
should
start
with
FOG
so
that
all
tests
are
run
with
.
/
mach
gtest
FOG
*
.
#
#
JS
To
test
the
JS
parts
of
FOG
'
s
implementation
(
like
metric
types
)
you
should
use
xpcshell
.
FOG
'
s
xpcshell
tests
are
in
[
xpcshell
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
xpcshell
)
.
You
can
either
add
a
test
case
to
an
existing
file
or
add
a
new
file
.
If
you
add
a
new
file
remember
to
add
it
to
the
[
xpcshell
.
ini
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
xpcshell
/
xpcshell
.
ini
)
or
the
test
runner
will
not
be
able
to
find
it
.

Commit message:

Bug 1672706 - Document when and how metric types need to store the metric ID. r=chutten
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D95736

UltraBlame original commit: 829ee953051ecd5bfe72b8c9b9757c832d480fda

toolkit/components/glean/docs/testing.md, after:

#
Testing
Given
the
multiple
API
languages
processes
and
dependencies
testing
FOG
is
a
matter
of
choosing
the
right
tool
for
the
situation
.
#
#
Logging
An
often
-
overlooked
first
line
of
testing
is
"
what
do
the
logs
say
?
"
.
To
turn
on
logging
for
FOG
use
any
of
the
following
:
*
Run
Firefox
with
RUST_LOG
=
"
fog_control
fog
glean_core
"
.
*
On
some
platforms
this
will
use
terminal
colours
to
indicate
log
level
.
*
Run
Firefox
with
MOZ_LOG
=
"
timestamp
glean
:
:
*
:
5
fog
:
:
*
:
5
fog_control
:
:
*
:
5
glean_core
:
:
*
:
5
"
.
*
Set
the
following
prefs
:
*
logging
.
config
.
timestamp
to
true
*
logging
.
fog_control
:
:
*
to
5
*
logging
.
fog
:
:
*
to
5
*
logging
.
glean_core
:
:
*
to
5
For
more
information
on
logging
in
Firefox
Desktop
see
the
[
Gecko
Logging
docs
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Gecko_Logging
)
.
#
#
about
:
glean
about
:
glean
is
a
page
in
a
running
Firefox
that
allows
you
to
[
debug
the
Glean
SDK
]
(
https
:
/
/
mozilla
.
github
.
io
/
glean
/
book
/
user
/
debugging
/
index
.
html
)
in
Firefox
Desktop
.
It
does
this
through
the
displayed
user
interface
(
just
follow
the
instructions
)
.
#
#
Rust
Not
all
of
our
Rust
code
can
be
tested
in
a
single
fashion
unfortunately
.
#
#
#
Using
rusttests
If
the
crate
you
'
re
testing
has
no
Gecko
symbols
you
can
write
standard
[
Rust
tests
]
(
https
:
/
/
doc
.
rust
-
lang
.
org
/
book
/
ch11
-
01
-
writing
-
tests
.
html
)
.
This
supports
both
unit
tests
(
inline
in
the
file
under
test
)
and
integration
tests
(
in
the
tests
/
folder
in
the
crate
root
)
.
Metric
type
tests
are
currently
written
as
unit
tests
inline
in
the
file
as
they
require
access
to
the
metric
ID
which
should
only
be
exposed
in
tests
.
To
run
FOG
'
s
rusttests
suite
use
mach
rusttests
If
the
crate
uses
only
a
few
Gecko
symbols
they
may
use
the
with_gecko
feature
to
conditionally
use
them
.
This
allows
the
crate
to
test
its
non
-
Gecko
-
adjacent
code
using
Rust
tests
.
(
You
will
need
to
cover
the
Gecko
-
adjacent
code
via
another
means
.
)
#
#
#
Using
gtest
Because
Gecko
symbols
aren
'
t
built
for
the
rusttests
build
any
test
that
is
written
for
code
that
uses
Gecko
symbols
should
be
written
as
a
[
gtest
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
google
/
googletest
)
in
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
.
You
can
write
the
actual
test
code
in
Rust
.
It
needs
to
be
accompanied
by
a
C
+
+
GTest
that
calls
a
C
FFI
-
exported
Rust
function
.
See
[
Testing
&
Debugging
Rust
Code
]
(
/
testing
-
rust
-
code
/
)
for
more
.
See
[
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
TestFog
.
cpp
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
TestFog
.
cpp
)
and
[
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
test
.
rs
]
(
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
test
.
rs
)
for
an
example
.
By
necessity
these
can
only
be
integration
tests
against
the
compiled
crate
.
*
*
Note
:
*
*
When
adding
a
new
test
file
don
'
t
forget
to
add
it
to
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
moz
.
build
and
use
the
FOG
prefix
in
your
test
names
(
e
.
g
.
TEST
(
FOG
YourTestName
)
{
.
.
.
}
)
.
To
run
FOG
'
s
Rust
gtest
suite
use
mach
gtest
FOG
.
*
#
#
Python
The
[
Glean
Parser
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
glean_parser
/
)
has
been
augmented
to
generate
FOG
-
specific
APIs
for
Glean
metrics
.
This
augmentation
is
tested
by
running
:
mach
test
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
pytest
These
tests
require
Python
3
+
.
If
your
default
Python
is
Python
2
you
may
need
to
instead
run
:
mach
python
-
test
-
-
python
3
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
pytest
#
#
C
+
+
To
test
the
C
+
+
parts
of
FOG
'
s
implementation
(
like
metric
types
)
you
should
use
gtest
.
FOG
'
s
gtest
tests
are
in
[
gtest
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
)
.
You
can
either
add
a
test
case
to
an
existing
file
or
add
a
new
file
.
If
you
add
a
new
file
remember
to
add
it
to
the
[
moz
.
build
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
gtest
/
moz
.
build
)
)
or
the
test
runner
won
'
t
be
able
to
find
it
.
All
tests
should
start
with
FOG
so
that
all
tests
are
run
with
.
/
mach
gtest
FOG
*
.
#
#
JS
To
test
the
JS
parts
of
FOG
'
s
implementation
(
like
metric
types
)
you
should
use
xpcshell
.
FOG
'
s
xpcshell
tests
are
in
[
xpcshell
/
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
xpcshell
)
.
You
can
either
add
a
test
case
to
an
existing
file
or
add
a
new
file
.
If
you
add
a
new
file
remember
to
add
it
to
the
[
xpcshell
.
ini
]
(
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
file
/
tip
/
toolkit
/
components
/
glean
/
xpcshell
/
xpcshell
.
ini
)
or
the
test
runner
will
not
be
able
to
find
it
.
