toolkit/components/search/docs/SearchConfigurationSchema.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Search
Configuration
Schema
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
note
:
:
This
configuration
is
currently
being
implemented
in
Bug
1542235
_
.
This
document
outlines
the
details
of
the
schema
and
how
the
various
sub
-
parts
interact
.
For
the
full
fields
and
descriptions
please
see
the
schema
itself
_
.
.
.
note
:
:
In
the
examples
only
relevant
properties
are
displayed
.
Overview
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
is
a
JSON
blob
which
is
object
with
a
data
property
which
is
an
array
of
engines
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
data
:
[
{
/
/
engine
1
details
}
{
/
/
engine
2
details
}
]
}
Engine
Objects
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
'
s
details
are
located
in
the
properties
of
the
object
associated
with
it
.
An
engine
that
is
deployed
globally
could
be
listed
simply
as
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
"
telemetryId
"
:
"
engine1
-
telem
"
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
}
]
}
The
appliesTo
section
is
an
array
of
objects
.
At
least
one
object
is
required
to
specify
which
regions
/
locales
the
engine
is
included
within
.
If
an
appliesTo
object
lists
additional
attributes
then
these
will
override
any
attributes
at
the
top
-
level
.
For
example
a
more
complex
engine
definition
may
be
available
only
to
users
located
specific
regions
or
with
certain
locales
.
For
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
us
ext
"
}
}
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
gb
"
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
gb
ext
"
}
}
]
}
In
this
case
users
identified
as
being
in
the
US
region
would
use
the
WebExtension
with
identifier
web
-
us
ext
.
GB
region
users
would
get
web
-
gb
ext
and
all
other
users
would
get
web
ext
.
Special
Attributes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
USER_LOCALE
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
If
a
webExtension
.
locales
property
contains
an
element
with
the
value
"
USER_LOCALE
"
then
the
special
value
will
be
replaced
in
the
configuration
object
with
the
users
locale
.
For
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
locales
"
:
{
"
matches
"
:
[
"
us
"
"
gb
"
]
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
locales
"
:
[
"
USER_LOCALE
"
]
}
}
}
]
}
Will
report
either
[
us
]
or
[
gb
]
as
the
webExtension
.
locales
depending
on
the
user
'
s
locale
.
"
default
"
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
specify
"
default
"
as
a
region
in
the
configuration
if
the
engine
is
to
be
included
when
we
do
not
know
the
user
'
s
region
.
Application
Scoping
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
configuration
may
be
scoped
to
a
particular
application
.
Name
-
-
-
-
One
or
more
application
names
may
be
specified
.
Currently
the
only
application
type
supported
is
firefox
.
If
an
application
name
is
specified
then
it
must
be
matched
for
the
section
to
apply
.
If
there
are
no
application
names
specified
then
the
section
will
match
any
consumer
of
the
configuration
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
included
on
any
consumer
of
the
configuration
but
web1
ext
would
only
be
included
on
Firefox
desktop
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
name
"
:
[
]
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
name
"
:
[
"
firefox
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
Channel
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
One
or
more
channels
may
be
specified
in
an
array
to
restrict
a
configuration
to
just
those
channels
.
The
current
known
channels
are
:
-
default
:
Self
-
builds
of
Firefox
or
possibly
some
self
-
distributed
versions
.
-
nightly
:
Firefox
Nightly
builds
.
-
aurora
:
Firefox
Developer
Edition
-
beta
:
Firefox
Beta
-
release
:
The
main
Firefox
release
channel
.
-
esr
:
The
ESR
Channel
.
This
will
also
match
versions
of
Firefox
where
the
displayed
version
number
includes
esr
.
We
do
this
to
include
Linux
distributions
and
other
manual
builds
of
ESR
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
set
as
default
on
the
default
channel
only
whereas
web1
ext
would
be
set
as
default
on
release
and
esr
channels
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
channel
"
:
[
"
default
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
channel
"
:
[
"
release
"
"
esr
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
Version
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Minimum
and
Maximum
versions
may
be
specified
to
restrict
a
configuration
to
specific
ranges
.
These
may
be
open
-
ended
.
Version
comparison
is
performed
using
the
version
comparator
_
.
Note
:
comparison
against
maxVersion
is
a
less
-
than
comparison
.
The
maxVersion
won
'
t
be
matched
directly
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
included
for
any
version
after
72
.
0a1
whereas
web1
ext
would
be
included
only
between
68
.
0a1
and
71
.
x
version
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
minVersion
"
:
"
72
.
0a1
"
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
minVersion
"
:
"
68
.
0a1
"
"
maxVersion
"
:
"
72
.
0a1
"
}
}
]
}
}
Experiments
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
We
can
run
experiments
by
giving
sections
within
appliesTo
a
cohort
value
the
Search
Service
can
then
optionally
pass
in
a
matching
cohort
value
to
match
those
sections
.
Sections
which
have
a
cohort
will
not
be
used
unless
a
matching
cohort
has
been
passed
in
for
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
"
cohort
"
:
"
nov
-
16
"
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
experimental
ext
"
}
}
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
gb
ext
"
}
}
]
}
Engine
Defaults
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
may
be
specified
as
the
default
for
one
of
two
purposes
:
#
.
normal
browsing
mode
#
.
private
browsing
mode
.
If
there
is
no
engine
specified
for
private
browsing
mode
for
a
particular
region
/
locale
pair
then
the
normal
mode
engine
is
used
.
If
the
instance
of
the
application
does
not
support
a
separate
private
browsing
mode
engine
then
it
will
only
use
the
normal
mode
engine
.
An
engine
may
or
may
not
be
default
for
particular
regions
/
locales
.
The
default
property
is
a
tri
-
state
value
with
states
of
yes
yes
-
if
-
no
-
other
and
no
.
Here
'
s
an
example
of
how
they
apply
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
{
"
excluded
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
-
if
-
no
-
other
"
}
]
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine2
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
gb
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
]
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine3
ext
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
}
]
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine4
ext
"
}
"
defaultPrivate
"
:
"
yes
"
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
fr
"
}
}
]
}
In
this
example
for
normal
mode
:
-
engine1
ext
is
default
in
the
US
region
and
all
other
regions
except
for
GB
-
engine2
ext
is
default
in
only
the
GB
region
-
engine3
ext
and
engine4
are
never
default
anywhere
In
private
browsing
mode
:
-
engine1
ext
is
default
in
the
US
region
and
all
other
regions
execpt
for
GB
and
FR
-
engine2
ext
is
default
in
only
the
GB
region
-
engine3
ext
is
never
default
anywhere
-
engine4
ext
is
default
in
the
FR
region
.
Engine
Ordering
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
orderHint
field
indicates
the
suggested
ordering
of
an
engine
relative
to
other
engines
when
displayed
to
the
user
unless
the
user
has
customized
their
ordering
.
The
default
ordering
of
engines
is
based
on
a
combination
of
if
the
engine
is
default
and
the
orderHint
fields
.
The
ordering
is
structured
as
follows
:
#
.
Default
engine
in
normal
mode
#
.
Default
engine
in
private
browsing
mode
(
if
different
from
the
normal
mode
engine
)
#
.
Other
engines
in
order
from
the
highest
orderHint
to
the
lowest
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine1
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
2000
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine2
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
1000
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine3
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
500
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
}
This
would
result
in
the
order
:
engine2
ext
engine1
ext
engine3
ext
.
.
.
_Bug
1542235
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1542235
.
.
_schema
itself
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
search
/
schema
/
.
.
_the
version
comparator
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Toolkit_version_format

Commit message:

Bug 1613348 - Turn on the modern Search Service configuration for nightly builds. r=daleharvey
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D63162

UltraBlame original commit: 7c6bdadeea29fab3700320515798d84ba3414f4f

toolkit/components/search/docs/SearchConfigurationSchema.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Search
Configuration
Schema
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
note
:
:
This
configuration
is
currently
under
testing
for
nightly
builds
only
see
Bug
1542235
_
for
more
status
information
.
This
document
outlines
the
details
of
the
schema
and
how
the
various
sub
-
parts
interact
.
For
the
full
fields
and
descriptions
please
see
the
schema
itself
_
.
.
.
note
:
:
In
the
examples
only
relevant
properties
are
displayed
.
Overview
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
is
a
JSON
blob
which
is
object
with
a
data
property
which
is
an
array
of
engines
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
data
:
[
{
/
/
engine
1
details
}
{
/
/
engine
2
details
}
]
}
Engine
Objects
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
'
s
details
are
located
in
the
properties
of
the
object
associated
with
it
.
An
engine
that
is
deployed
globally
could
be
listed
simply
as
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
"
telemetryId
"
:
"
engine1
-
telem
"
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
}
]
}
The
appliesTo
section
is
an
array
of
objects
.
At
least
one
object
is
required
to
specify
which
regions
/
locales
the
engine
is
included
within
.
If
an
appliesTo
object
lists
additional
attributes
then
these
will
override
any
attributes
at
the
top
-
level
.
For
example
a
more
complex
engine
definition
may
be
available
only
to
users
located
specific
regions
or
with
certain
locales
.
For
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
us
ext
"
}
}
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
gb
"
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
gb
ext
"
}
}
]
}
In
this
case
users
identified
as
being
in
the
US
region
would
use
the
WebExtension
with
identifier
web
-
us
ext
.
GB
region
users
would
get
web
-
gb
ext
and
all
other
users
would
get
web
ext
.
Special
Attributes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
USER_LOCALE
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
If
a
webExtension
.
locales
property
contains
an
element
with
the
value
"
USER_LOCALE
"
then
the
special
value
will
be
replaced
in
the
configuration
object
with
the
users
locale
.
For
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
locales
"
:
{
"
matches
"
:
[
"
us
"
"
gb
"
]
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
locales
"
:
[
"
USER_LOCALE
"
]
}
}
}
]
}
Will
report
either
[
us
]
or
[
gb
]
as
the
webExtension
.
locales
depending
on
the
user
'
s
locale
.
"
default
"
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
specify
"
default
"
as
a
region
in
the
configuration
if
the
engine
is
to
be
included
when
we
do
not
know
the
user
'
s
region
.
Application
Scoping
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
configuration
may
be
scoped
to
a
particular
application
.
Name
-
-
-
-
One
or
more
application
names
may
be
specified
.
Currently
the
only
application
type
supported
is
firefox
.
If
an
application
name
is
specified
then
it
must
be
matched
for
the
section
to
apply
.
If
there
are
no
application
names
specified
then
the
section
will
match
any
consumer
of
the
configuration
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
included
on
any
consumer
of
the
configuration
but
web1
ext
would
only
be
included
on
Firefox
desktop
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
name
"
:
[
]
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
name
"
:
[
"
firefox
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
Channel
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
One
or
more
channels
may
be
specified
in
an
array
to
restrict
a
configuration
to
just
those
channels
.
The
current
known
channels
are
:
-
default
:
Self
-
builds
of
Firefox
or
possibly
some
self
-
distributed
versions
.
-
nightly
:
Firefox
Nightly
builds
.
-
aurora
:
Firefox
Developer
Edition
-
beta
:
Firefox
Beta
-
release
:
The
main
Firefox
release
channel
.
-
esr
:
The
ESR
Channel
.
This
will
also
match
versions
of
Firefox
where
the
displayed
version
number
includes
esr
.
We
do
this
to
include
Linux
distributions
and
other
manual
builds
of
ESR
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
set
as
default
on
the
default
channel
only
whereas
web1
ext
would
be
set
as
default
on
release
and
esr
channels
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
channel
"
:
[
"
default
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
channel
"
:
[
"
release
"
"
esr
"
]
}
}
]
}
}
Version
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Minimum
and
Maximum
versions
may
be
specified
to
restrict
a
configuration
to
specific
ranges
.
These
may
be
open
-
ended
.
Version
comparison
is
performed
using
the
version
comparator
_
.
Note
:
comparison
against
maxVersion
is
a
less
-
than
comparison
.
The
maxVersion
won
'
t
be
matched
directly
.
In
the
following
example
web
ext
would
be
included
for
any
version
after
72
.
0a1
whereas
web1
ext
would
be
included
only
between
68
.
0a1
and
71
.
x
version
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
application
"
:
{
"
minVersion
"
:
"
72
.
0a1
"
}
}
]
}
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
"
application
"
:
{
"
minVersion
"
:
"
68
.
0a1
"
"
maxVersion
"
:
"
72
.
0a1
"
}
}
]
}
}
Experiments
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
We
can
run
experiments
by
giving
sections
within
appliesTo
a
cohort
value
the
Search
Service
can
then
optionally
pass
in
a
matching
cohort
value
to
match
those
sections
.
Sections
which
have
a
cohort
will
not
be
used
unless
a
matching
cohort
has
been
passed
in
for
example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
"
cohort
"
:
"
nov
-
16
"
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
experimental
ext
"
}
}
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
web
-
gb
ext
"
}
}
]
}
Engine
Defaults
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
engine
may
be
specified
as
the
default
for
one
of
two
purposes
:
#
.
normal
browsing
mode
#
.
private
browsing
mode
.
If
there
is
no
engine
specified
for
private
browsing
mode
for
a
particular
region
/
locale
pair
then
the
normal
mode
engine
is
used
.
If
the
instance
of
the
application
does
not
support
a
separate
private
browsing
mode
engine
then
it
will
only
use
the
normal
mode
engine
.
An
engine
may
or
may
not
be
default
for
particular
regions
/
locales
.
The
default
property
is
a
tri
-
state
value
with
states
of
yes
yes
-
if
-
no
-
other
and
no
.
Here
'
s
an
example
of
how
they
apply
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine1
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
{
"
excluded
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
us
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
-
if
-
no
-
other
"
}
]
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine2
ext
"
}
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
gb
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
]
}
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine3
ext
"
}
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
everywhere
"
:
true
}
}
]
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine4
ext
"
}
"
defaultPrivate
"
:
"
yes
"
"
appliesTo
"
:
[
{
"
included
"
:
{
"
region
"
:
"
fr
"
}
}
]
}
In
this
example
for
normal
mode
:
-
engine1
ext
is
default
in
the
US
region
and
all
other
regions
except
for
GB
-
engine2
ext
is
default
in
only
the
GB
region
-
engine3
ext
and
engine4
are
never
default
anywhere
In
private
browsing
mode
:
-
engine1
ext
is
default
in
the
US
region
and
all
other
regions
execpt
for
GB
and
FR
-
engine2
ext
is
default
in
only
the
GB
region
-
engine3
ext
is
never
default
anywhere
-
engine4
ext
is
default
in
the
FR
region
.
Engine
Ordering
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
orderHint
field
indicates
the
suggested
ordering
of
an
engine
relative
to
other
engines
when
displayed
to
the
user
unless
the
user
has
customized
their
ordering
.
The
default
ordering
of
engines
is
based
on
a
combination
of
if
the
engine
is
default
and
the
orderHint
fields
.
The
ordering
is
structured
as
follows
:
#
.
Default
engine
in
normal
mode
#
.
Default
engine
in
private
browsing
mode
(
if
different
from
the
normal
mode
engine
)
#
.
Other
engines
in
order
from
the
highest
orderHint
to
the
lowest
.
Example
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine1
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
2000
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine2
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
1000
"
default
"
:
"
yes
"
}
{
"
webExtension
"
:
{
"
id
"
:
"
engine3
ext
"
}
"
orderHint
"
:
500
"
default
"
:
"
no
"
}
This
would
result
in
the
order
:
engine2
ext
engine1
ext
engine3
ext
.
.
.
_Bug
1542235
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1542235
.
.
_schema
itself
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
search
/
schema
/
.
.
_the
version
comparator
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Toolkit_version_format
