toolkit/components/search/docs/SearchEngineConfiguration.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Search
Engine
Configuration
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
note
:
:
This
configuration
is
currently
being
implemented
in
Bug
1542235
_
.
The
search
engine
configuration
is
a
mapping
that
is
used
to
determine
the
list
of
search
engines
for
each
user
.
The
mapping
is
primarily
based
on
the
user
'
s
region
and
locale
.
Configuration
Management
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
application
stores
a
dump
of
the
configuration
that
is
used
for
first
initialisation
.
Subsequent
updates
to
the
configuration
are
either
updates
to
the
static
dump
or
they
may
be
served
via
remote
servers
.
The
mechanism
of
delivering
the
settings
dumps
to
the
Search
Service
is
Remote
Settings
_
Search
Engine
WebExtension
updates
will
be
delivered
by
Normandy
.
Remote
settings
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
remote
settings
bucket
for
the
search
engine
configuration
list
is
search
-
config
.
The
version
that
is
currently
being
delivered
to
clients
can
be
viewed
live
_
.
Configuration
Schema
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
format
is
defined
via
a
JSON
schema
_
.
The
search
engine
configuration
schema
is
stored
in
mozilla
-
central
_
and
is
uploaded
to
the
Remote
Settings
server
at
convenient
times
after
it
changes
.
An
outline
of
the
schema
may
be
found
on
the
Search
Configuration
Schema
_
page
.
.
.
_Bug
1542235
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1542235
.
.
_Remote
Settings
:
/
services
/
common
/
services
/
RemoteSettings
.
.
_JSON
schema
:
https
:
/
/
json
-
schema
.
org
/
.
.
_stored
in
mozilla
-
central
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
search
/
schema
/
.
.
_Search
Configuration
Schema
:
SearchConfigurationSchema
.
html
.
.
_viewed
live
:
https
:
/
/
firefox
.
settings
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v1
/
buckets
/
main
/
collections
/
search
-
config
/
records

Commit message:

Bug 1613348 - Turn on the modern Search Service configuration for nightly builds. r=daleharvey
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D63162

UltraBlame original commit: 7c6bdadeea29fab3700320515798d84ba3414f4f

toolkit/components/search/docs/SearchEngineConfiguration.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Search
Engine
Configuration
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
.
.
note
:
:
This
configuration
is
currently
under
testing
for
nightly
builds
only
see
Bug
1542235
_
for
more
status
information
.
The
search
engine
configuration
is
a
mapping
that
is
used
to
determine
the
list
of
search
engines
for
each
user
.
The
mapping
is
primarily
based
on
the
user
'
s
region
and
locale
.
Configuration
Management
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
application
stores
a
dump
of
the
configuration
that
is
used
for
first
initialisation
.
Subsequent
updates
to
the
configuration
are
either
updates
to
the
static
dump
or
they
may
be
served
via
remote
servers
.
The
mechanism
of
delivering
the
settings
dumps
to
the
Search
Service
is
Remote
Settings
_
Search
Engine
WebExtension
updates
will
be
delivered
by
Normandy
.
Remote
settings
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
remote
settings
bucket
for
the
search
engine
configuration
list
is
search
-
config
.
The
version
that
is
currently
being
delivered
to
clients
can
be
viewed
live
_
.
Configuration
Schema
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
format
is
defined
via
a
JSON
schema
_
.
The
search
engine
configuration
schema
is
stored
in
mozilla
-
central
_
and
is
uploaded
to
the
Remote
Settings
server
at
convenient
times
after
it
changes
.
An
outline
of
the
schema
may
be
found
on
the
Search
Configuration
Schema
_
page
.
.
.
_Bug
1542235
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1542235
.
.
_Remote
Settings
:
/
services
/
common
/
services
/
RemoteSettings
.
.
_JSON
schema
:
https
:
/
/
json
-
schema
.
org
/
.
.
_stored
in
mozilla
-
central
:
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
search
/
schema
/
.
.
_Search
Configuration
Schema
:
SearchConfigurationSchema
.
html
.
.
_viewed
live
:
https
:
/
/
firefox
.
settings
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
v1
/
buckets
/
main
/
collections
/
search
-
config
/
records
