testing/web-platform/tests/docs/writing-tests/file-names.md, before:

#
File
Name
Flags
The
test
filename
is
significant
in
determining
the
type
of
test
it
contains
and
enabling
specific
optional
features
.
This
page
documents
the
various
flags
available
and
their
meaning
.
In
some
cases
flags
can
also
be
set
via
a
directory
name
such
that
any
file
that
is
a
(
recursive
)
descendent
of
the
directory
inherits
the
flag
value
.
These
are
individually
documented
for
each
flag
that
supports
it
.
#
#
#
Test
Type
These
flags
must
be
the
last
element
in
the
filename
before
the
extension
e
.
g
.
foo
-
manual
.
html
will
indicate
a
manual
test
but
foo
-
manual
-
other
.
html
will
not
.
Unlike
test
features
test
types
are
mutually
exclusive
.
-
manual
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
a
non
-
automated
test
.
-
visual
:
Indicates
that
a
file
is
a
visual
test
.
#
#
#
Test
Features
These
flags
are
preceded
by
a
.
in
the
filename
and
must
themselves
precede
any
test
type
flag
but
are
otherwise
unordered
.
.
https
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
loaded
over
HTTPS
.
.
h2
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
loaded
over
HTTP
/
2
.
.
sub
:
Indicates
that
a
test
uses
the
[
server
-
side
substitution
]
(
server
-
pipes
.
html
#
sub
)
feature
.
.
window
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
a
test
in
which
it
is
run
in
a
Window
environment
.
.
worker
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
a
test
in
which
it
is
run
in
a
dedicated
worker
environment
.
.
any
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
tests
in
which
it
is
[
run
in
multiple
scopes
]
(
testharness
)
.
.
optional
:
Indicates
that
a
test
makes
assertions
about
optional
behavior
in
a
specification
typically
marked
by
the
[
RFC
2119
]
"
MAY
"
or
"
OPTIONAL
"
keywords
.
This
flag
should
not
be
used
for
"
SHOULD
"
;
such
requirements
can
be
tested
with
regular
tests
like
"
MUST
"
.
.
tentative
:
Indicates
that
a
test
makes
assertions
not
yet
required
by
any
specification
or
in
contradiction
to
some
specification
.
This
is
useful
when
implementation
experience
is
needed
to
inform
the
specification
.
It
should
be
apparent
in
context
why
the
test
is
tentative
and
what
needs
to
be
resolved
to
make
it
non
-
tentative
.
This
flag
can
be
enabled
for
an
entire
directory
(
and
all
its
descendents
)
by
naming
the
directory
'
tentative
'
.
For
example
every
test
underneath
'
foo
/
tentative
/
'
will
be
considered
tentative
.
It
'
s
preferable
that
.
window
.
worker
and
.
any
are
immediately
followed
by
their
final
.
js
extension
.
[
RFC
2119
]
:
https
:
/
/
tools
.
ietf
.
org
/
html
/
rfc2119

Commit message:

Bug 1673034 [wpt PR 26263] - Fixes #20932 - Add a `.www` filename flag, a=testonly
Automatic update from web-platform-tests
Issue #20932 - Part 1. Add a subdomain property getter to URLManifestItem

--
Issue #20932 - Part 2. Add subdomain as an optional arg for server_url

And pipe it through accordingly.

--
Issue #20932 - Part 3. Add tests for the simple "www" subdomain case

--
Issue #20932 - Part 4. Update file-names.md documentation

--
Issue #20932 - Part 5. Add server infrastructure test for www filename flag

--

wpt-commits: 4963140747962d11e715955a046f7f6f07709f1d, 55645b24f6f775fd232e3bd0cee4ee0385f88d63, f6352c9b43ac8c8cf261caaa0b62a9689a891cc5, 5ea5a8a9af11548a3f5ef9c2d1c377f2886abcb7, 6aeae52f01c6f1ed528fd03cc1b3832cda9d2a65
wpt-pr: 26263

UltraBlame original commit: b5f5fe8917d9dd574594427d19baf655253e5a29

testing/web-platform/tests/docs/writing-tests/file-names.md, after:

#
File
Name
Flags
The
test
filename
is
significant
in
determining
the
type
of
test
it
contains
and
enabling
specific
optional
features
.
This
page
documents
the
various
flags
available
and
their
meaning
.
In
some
cases
flags
can
also
be
set
via
a
directory
name
such
that
any
file
that
is
a
(
recursive
)
descendent
of
the
directory
inherits
the
flag
value
.
These
are
individually
documented
for
each
flag
that
supports
it
.
#
#
#
Test
Type
These
flags
must
be
the
last
element
in
the
filename
before
the
extension
e
.
g
.
foo
-
manual
.
html
will
indicate
a
manual
test
but
foo
-
manual
-
other
.
html
will
not
.
Unlike
test
features
test
types
are
mutually
exclusive
.
-
manual
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
a
non
-
automated
test
.
-
visual
:
Indicates
that
a
file
is
a
visual
test
.
#
#
#
Test
Features
These
flags
are
preceded
by
a
.
in
the
filename
and
must
themselves
precede
any
test
type
flag
but
are
otherwise
unordered
.
.
https
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
loaded
over
HTTPS
.
.
h2
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
loaded
over
HTTP
/
2
.
.
www
:
Indicates
that
a
test
is
run
on
the
www
subdomain
.
.
sub
:
Indicates
that
a
test
uses
the
[
server
-
side
substitution
]
(
server
-
pipes
.
html
#
sub
)
feature
.
.
window
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
a
test
in
which
it
is
run
in
a
Window
environment
.
.
worker
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
a
test
in
which
it
is
run
in
a
dedicated
worker
environment
.
.
any
:
(
js
files
only
)
Indicates
that
the
file
generates
tests
in
which
it
is
[
run
in
multiple
scopes
]
(
testharness
)
.
.
optional
:
Indicates
that
a
test
makes
assertions
about
optional
behavior
in
a
specification
typically
marked
by
the
[
RFC
2119
]
"
MAY
"
or
"
OPTIONAL
"
keywords
.
This
flag
should
not
be
used
for
"
SHOULD
"
;
such
requirements
can
be
tested
with
regular
tests
like
"
MUST
"
.
.
tentative
:
Indicates
that
a
test
makes
assertions
not
yet
required
by
any
specification
or
in
contradiction
to
some
specification
.
This
is
useful
when
implementation
experience
is
needed
to
inform
the
specification
.
It
should
be
apparent
in
context
why
the
test
is
tentative
and
what
needs
to
be
resolved
to
make
it
non
-
tentative
.
This
flag
can
be
enabled
for
an
entire
directory
(
and
all
its
descendents
)
by
naming
the
directory
'
tentative
'
.
For
example
every
test
underneath
'
foo
/
tentative
/
'
will
be
considered
tentative
.
It
'
s
preferable
that
.
window
.
worker
and
.
any
are
immediately
followed
by
their
final
.
js
extension
.
[
RFC
2119
]
:
https
:
/
/
tools
.
ietf
.
org
/
html
/
rfc2119
