taskcluster/docs/attributes.rst, before:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Task
Attributes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Tasks
can
be
filtered
for
example
to
support
"
try
"
pushes
which
only
perform
a
subset
of
the
task
graph
or
to
link
dependent
tasks
.
This
filtering
is
the
difference
between
a
full
task
graph
and
a
target
task
graph
.
Filtering
takes
place
on
the
basis
of
attributes
.
Each
task
has
a
dictionary
of
attributes
and
filters
over
those
attributes
can
be
expressed
in
Python
.
A
task
may
not
have
a
value
for
every
attribute
.
The
attributes
and
acceptable
values
are
defined
here
.
In
general
attribute
names
and
values
are
the
short
lower
-
case
form
with
underscores
.
kind
=
=
=
=
A
task
'
s
kind
attribute
gives
the
name
of
the
kind
that
generated
it
e
.
g
.
build
or
spidermonkey
.
run_on_projects
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
projects
where
this
task
should
be
in
the
target
task
set
.
This
is
how
requirements
like
"
only
run
this
on
autoland
"
get
implemented
.
.
.
note
:
:
Please
use
this
configuration
.
Running
a
job
for
all
projects
can
quickly
add
up
in
term
of
cost
while
not
providing
any
value
for
some
projects
.
run
-
on
-
projects
can
use
either
aliases
or
project
names
.
These
are
the
aliases
:
*
integration
-
-
integration
repository
(
autoland
)
*
trunk
-
-
integration
repository
plus
mozilla
-
central
*
release
-
-
release
repositories
(
beta
release
esr
)
including
mozilla
-
central
*
all
-
-
everywhere
(
the
default
)
Project
names
are
the
repositories
.
They
can
be
:
*
autoland
*
mozilla
-
central
*
mozilla
-
beta
*
mozilla
-
release
*
mozilla
-
esr68
*
.
.
.
A
partial
list
can
be
found
in
taskcluster
/
taskgraph
/
util
/
attributes
.
py
For
try
this
attribute
applies
only
if
-
p
all
is
specified
.
All
jobs
can
be
specified
by
name
regardless
of
run_on_projects
.
If
run_on_projects
is
set
to
an
empty
list
then
the
task
will
not
run
anywhere
unless
its
build
platform
is
specified
explicitly
in
try
syntax
.
.
.
note
:
:
As
try
pushes
don
'
t
use
filter_for_projects
by
design
there
isn
'
t
a
way
to
define
that
a
task
will
run
on
try
.
.
.
note
:
:
A
given
task
[
taskA
]
may
not
respect
run
-
on
-
projects
if
there
another
task
[
taskB
]
which
is
scheduled
to
run
(
such
as
via
run
-
on
-
projects
)
which
depends
it
[
taskA
]
.
Because
by
nature
of
TaskB
running
we
must
run
TaskA
.
See
bug
1640603
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1640603
#
c5
>
_
as
example
.
run_on_hg_branches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
On
a
given
project
the
mercurial
branch
where
this
task
should
be
in
the
target
task
set
.
This
is
how
requirements
like
"
only
run
this
RELBRANCH
"
get
implemented
.
These
are
either
the
regular
expression
of
a
branch
(
e
.
g
.
:
GECKOVIEW_
\
d
+
_RELBRANCH
)
or
the
following
alias
:
*
all
-
-
everywhere
(
the
default
)
Like
run_on_projects
the
same
behavior
applies
if
it
is
set
to
an
empty
list
.
task_duplicates
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
used
to
indicate
that
we
want
multiple
copies
of
the
task
created
.
This
feature
is
used
to
track
down
intermittent
job
failures
.
If
this
value
is
set
to
N
the
task
-
creation
machinery
will
create
a
total
of
N
copies
of
the
task
.
Only
the
first
copy
will
be
included
in
the
taskgraph
output
artifacts
although
all
tasks
will
be
contained
in
the
same
taskGroup
.
While
most
attributes
are
considered
read
-
only
target
task
methods
may
alter
this
attribute
of
tasks
they
include
in
the
target
set
.
build_platform
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
build
platform
defines
the
platform
for
which
the
binary
was
built
.
It
is
set
for
both
build
and
test
jobs
although
test
jobs
may
have
a
different
test_platform
.
build_type
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
type
of
build
being
performed
.
This
is
a
subdivision
of
build_platform
used
for
different
kinds
of
builds
that
target
the
same
platform
.
Values
are
*
debug
*
opt
test_platform
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
test
platform
defines
the
platform
on
which
tests
are
run
.
It
is
only
defined
for
test
jobs
and
may
differ
from
build_platform
when
the
same
binary
is
tested
on
several
platforms
(
for
example
on
several
versions
of
Windows
)
.
This
applies
for
both
talos
and
unit
tests
.
Unlike
build_platform
the
test
platform
is
represented
in
a
slash
-
separated
format
e
.
g
.
linux64
/
opt
.
unittest_suite
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
unit
test
suite
being
run
in
a
unit
test
task
.
For
example
mochitest
or
cppunittest
.
unittest_category
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
high
-
level
category
of
test
the
suite
corresponds
to
.
This
is
usually
the
test
harness
used
to
run
the
suite
.
unittest_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
unit
test
via
try
syntax
.
It
may
not
match
unittest_suite
.
unittest_variant
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
variant
the
test
suite
is
running
with
.
If
set
this
usually
means
the
tests
are
running
with
a
special
pref
enabled
.
These
are
defined
in
taskgraph
.
transforms
.
tests
.
TEST_VARIANTS
.
talos_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
talos
job
via
try
syntax
.
raptor_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
raptor
job
via
try
syntax
.
job_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
"
job
"
via
try
syntax
(
-
j
)
.
Note
that
for
some
kinds
-
j
also
matches
against
build_platform
.
test_chunk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
chunk
number
of
a
chunked
test
suite
.
Note
that
this
is
a
string
!
test_manifests
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
list
of
the
test
manifests
that
run
in
this
task
.
e10s
=
=
=
=
For
test
suites
which
distinguish
whether
they
run
with
or
without
e10s
this
boolean
value
identifies
this
particular
run
.
image_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
docker_image
kind
this
attribute
contains
the
docker
image
name
.
nightly
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
whether
the
task
is
part
of
a
nightly
graph
.
Useful
when
filtering
out
nightly
tasks
from
full
task
set
at
target
stage
.
shippable
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
whether
the
task
is
considered
"
shippable
"
that
it
should
get
signed
and
is
ok
to
be
used
for
nightlies
or
releases
.
all_locales
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
the
list
of
relevant
locales
for
the
platform
.
all_locales_with_changesets
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Contains
a
dict
of
l10n
changesets
mapped
by
locales
(
same
as
in
all_locales
)
.
l10n_chunk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
the
chunk
number
of
the
job
.
Note
that
this
is
a
string
!
chunk_locales
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
an
array
of
the
individual
locales
this
chunk
is
responsible
for
processing
.
locale
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
jobs
that
operate
on
only
one
locale
we
set
the
attribute
locale
to
the
specific
locale
involved
.
Currently
this
is
only
in
l10n
versions
of
the
beetmover
and
balrog
kinds
.
signed
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
that
the
output
of
this
task
contains
signed
artifacts
.
stub
-
installer
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
to
the
build
system
that
this
build
is
expected
to
have
a
stub
installer
present
and
informs
followon
tasks
to
expect
it
.
repackage_type
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
type
of
repackage
.
Can
be
repackage
or
repackage_signing
.
fetch
-
artifact
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
fetch
jobs
this
is
the
path
to
the
artifact
for
that
fetch
operation
.
fetch
-
alias
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
alias
that
can
be
used
instead
of
the
real
fetch
job
name
in
fetch
stanzas
for
jobs
.
toolchain
-
artifact
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
toolchain
jobs
this
is
the
path
to
the
artifact
for
that
toolchain
.
toolchain
-
alias
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
alias
that
can
be
used
instead
of
the
real
toolchain
job
name
in
fetch
stanzas
for
jobs
.
always_target
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Tasks
with
this
attribute
will
be
included
in
the
target_task_graph
if
parameters
[
"
tasks_for
"
]
is
hg
-
push
regardless
of
any
target
task
filtering
that
occurs
.
When
a
task
is
included
in
this
manner
(
i
.
e
it
otherwise
would
have
been
filtered
out
)
it
will
be
considered
for
optimization
even
if
the
optimize_target_tasks
parameter
is
False
.
This
is
meant
to
be
used
for
tasks
which
a
developer
would
almost
always
want
to
run
.
Typically
these
tasks
will
be
short
running
and
have
a
high
risk
of
causing
a
backout
.
For
example
lint
or
python
-
unittest
tasks
.
shipping_product
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
release
promotion
jobs
this
is
the
product
we
are
shipping
.
shipping_phase
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
release
promotion
jobs
this
is
the
shipping
phase
(
build
promote
push
ship
)
.
During
the
build
phase
we
build
and
sign
shippable
builds
.
During
the
promote
phase
we
generate
l10n
repacks
and
push
to
the
candidates
directory
.
During
the
push
phase
we
push
to
the
releases
directory
.
During
the
ship
phase
we
update
bouncer
push
to
Google
Play
version
bump
mark
as
shipped
in
ship
-
it
.
Using
the
"
snowman
model
"
we
depend
on
previous
graphs
if
they
'
re
defined
.
So
if
we
ask
for
a
push
(
the
head
of
the
snowman
)
and
point
at
the
body
and
base
we
only
build
the
head
.
If
we
don
'
t
point
at
the
body
and
base
we
build
the
whole
snowman
(
build
promote
push
)
.
artifact_prefix
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Most
taskcluster
artifacts
are
public
so
we
'
ve
hardcoded
public
/
build
in
a
lot
of
places
.
To
support
private
artifacts
we
'
ve
moved
this
to
the
artifact_prefix
attribute
.
It
will
default
to
public
/
build
but
will
be
overridable
per
-
task
.
artifact_map
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
beetmover
jobs
this
indicates
which
yaml
file
should
be
used
to
generate
the
upstream
artifacts
and
payload
instructions
to
the
task
.
enable
-
full
-
crashsymbols
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
In
automation
full
crashsymbol
package
generation
is
normally
disabled
.
For
build
kinds
where
the
full
crashsymbols
should
be
enabled
set
this
attribute
to
True
.
The
full
symbol
packages
will
then
be
generated
and
uploaded
on
release
branches
and
on
try
.
cron
=
=
=
=
Indicates
that
a
task
is
meant
to
be
run
via
cron
tasks
and
should
not
be
run
on
push
.
cached_task
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
tasks
generate
artifacts
that
are
cached
between
pushes
.
This
is
a
dictionary
with
the
type
and
name
of
the
cache
and
the
unique
string
used
to
identify
the
current
version
of
the
artifacts
.
See
:
py
:
mod
:
taskgraph
.
util
.
cached_task
.
.
.
code
:
:
yaml
cached_task
:
digest
:
66dfc2204600b48d92a049b6a18b83972bb9a92f9504c06608a9c20eb4c9d8ae
name
:
debian7
-
base
type
:
docker
-
images
.
v2
required_signoffs
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
list
of
release
signoffs
that
this
kind
requires
should
the
release
also
require
these
signoffs
.
For
example
mar
-
signing
signoffs
may
be
required
by
some
releases
in
the
future
;
for
any
releases
that
require
mar
-
signing
signoffs
the
kinds
that
also
require
that
signoff
are
marked
with
this
attribute
.
update
-
channel
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
update
channel
the
build
is
configured
to
use
.
mar
-
channel
-
id
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
mar
-
channel
-
id
the
build
is
configured
to
use
.
accepted
-
mar
-
channel
-
ids
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
mar
-
channel
-
ids
this
build
will
accept
updates
to
.
It
should
usually
be
the
same
as
the
value
mar_channel_id
.
If
more
than
one
ID
is
needed
then
you
should
use
a
comma
separated
list
of
values
.
openh264_rev
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Only
used
for
openh264
plugin
builds
used
to
signify
the
revision
(
and
thus
inform
artifact
name
)
of
the
given
build
.
code
-
review
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
a
task
set
this
boolean
attribute
to
true
it
will
be
processed
by
the
code
review
bot
the
task
will
ran
for
every
new
Phabricator
diff
.
Any
supported
and
detected
issue
will
be
automatically
reported
on
the
Phabricator
revision
.
retrigger
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Whether
the
task
can
be
retriggered
or
if
it
needs
to
be
re
-
run
.
disable
-
push
-
apk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
GeckoView
-
only
Android
tasks
produce
APKs
that
shouldn
'
t
be
pushed
to
the
Google
Play
Store
.
Set
this
to
true
to
disable
pushing
.
disable
-
build
-
signing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
GeckoView
-
only
tasks
produce
APKs
but
not
APKs
that
should
be
signed
.
Set
this
to
true
to
disable
APK
signing
.
enable
-
build
-
signing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
We
enable
build
-
signing
for
shippable
nightly
and
enable
-
build
-
signing
tasks
.
run
-
visual
-
metrics
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
set
to
true
will
run
the
visual
metrics
task
on
the
provided
video
files
.
skip
-
verify
-
test
-
packaging
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
set
to
true
this
task
will
not
be
checked
to
see
that
MOZ_AUTOMATION_PACKAGE_TESTS
is
set
correctly
based
on
whether
or
not
the
task
has
dependent
tests
.
This
should
only
be
used
in
very
unique
situations
such
as
Windows
AArch64
builds
that
copy
test
packages
between
build
tasks
.
geckodriver
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
non
-
empty
declares
that
the
(
toolchain
)
task
is
a
geckodriver
task
that
produces
a
binary
that
should
be
signed
.
rebuild
-
on
-
release
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
true
the
digest
for
this
task
will
also
depend
on
if
the
branch
is
a
release
branch
.
This
will
cause
tasks
like
toolchains
to
be
rebuilt
as
they
move
from
e
.
g
.
autoland
to
mozilla
-
central
.
local
-
toolchain
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
toolchain
is
used
for
local
development
so
should
be
built
on
trunk
even
if
it
does
not
have
any
in
-
graph
consumers
.
artifact
-
build
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
build
is
an
artifact
build
.
This
deliberately
excludes
builds
that
are
implemented
using
the
artifact
build
machinery
but
are
not
primarily
intended
to
short
-
circuit
build
time
.
In
particular
the
Windows
aarch64
builds
are
not
marked
this
way
.

Commit message:

Bug 1649176 - add batch attribute to add --test-date r=sparky
Right now setup_perftest_test_date adds --test-date yesterday to all perftest
runs. we want that only for the ones doing batches

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D81562

UltraBlame original commit: 4c6c24de20794aa0c41de993c7e05fefc68012bf

taskcluster/docs/attributes.rst, after:

=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Task
Attributes
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Tasks
can
be
filtered
for
example
to
support
"
try
"
pushes
which
only
perform
a
subset
of
the
task
graph
or
to
link
dependent
tasks
.
This
filtering
is
the
difference
between
a
full
task
graph
and
a
target
task
graph
.
Filtering
takes
place
on
the
basis
of
attributes
.
Each
task
has
a
dictionary
of
attributes
and
filters
over
those
attributes
can
be
expressed
in
Python
.
A
task
may
not
have
a
value
for
every
attribute
.
The
attributes
and
acceptable
values
are
defined
here
.
In
general
attribute
names
and
values
are
the
short
lower
-
case
form
with
underscores
.
kind
=
=
=
=
A
task
'
s
kind
attribute
gives
the
name
of
the
kind
that
generated
it
e
.
g
.
build
or
spidermonkey
.
run_on_projects
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
projects
where
this
task
should
be
in
the
target
task
set
.
This
is
how
requirements
like
"
only
run
this
on
autoland
"
get
implemented
.
.
.
note
:
:
Please
use
this
configuration
.
Running
a
job
for
all
projects
can
quickly
add
up
in
term
of
cost
while
not
providing
any
value
for
some
projects
.
run
-
on
-
projects
can
use
either
aliases
or
project
names
.
These
are
the
aliases
:
*
integration
-
-
integration
repository
(
autoland
)
*
trunk
-
-
integration
repository
plus
mozilla
-
central
*
release
-
-
release
repositories
(
beta
release
esr
)
including
mozilla
-
central
*
all
-
-
everywhere
(
the
default
)
Project
names
are
the
repositories
.
They
can
be
:
*
autoland
*
mozilla
-
central
*
mozilla
-
beta
*
mozilla
-
release
*
mozilla
-
esr68
*
.
.
.
A
partial
list
can
be
found
in
taskcluster
/
taskgraph
/
util
/
attributes
.
py
For
try
this
attribute
applies
only
if
-
p
all
is
specified
.
All
jobs
can
be
specified
by
name
regardless
of
run_on_projects
.
If
run_on_projects
is
set
to
an
empty
list
then
the
task
will
not
run
anywhere
unless
its
build
platform
is
specified
explicitly
in
try
syntax
.
.
.
note
:
:
As
try
pushes
don
'
t
use
filter_for_projects
by
design
there
isn
'
t
a
way
to
define
that
a
task
will
run
on
try
.
.
.
note
:
:
A
given
task
[
taskA
]
may
not
respect
run
-
on
-
projects
if
there
another
task
[
taskB
]
which
is
scheduled
to
run
(
such
as
via
run
-
on
-
projects
)
which
depends
it
[
taskA
]
.
Because
by
nature
of
TaskB
running
we
must
run
TaskA
.
See
bug
1640603
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1640603
#
c5
>
_
as
example
.
run_on_hg_branches
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
On
a
given
project
the
mercurial
branch
where
this
task
should
be
in
the
target
task
set
.
This
is
how
requirements
like
"
only
run
this
RELBRANCH
"
get
implemented
.
These
are
either
the
regular
expression
of
a
branch
(
e
.
g
.
:
GECKOVIEW_
\
d
+
_RELBRANCH
)
or
the
following
alias
:
*
all
-
-
everywhere
(
the
default
)
Like
run_on_projects
the
same
behavior
applies
if
it
is
set
to
an
empty
list
.
task_duplicates
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
used
to
indicate
that
we
want
multiple
copies
of
the
task
created
.
This
feature
is
used
to
track
down
intermittent
job
failures
.
If
this
value
is
set
to
N
the
task
-
creation
machinery
will
create
a
total
of
N
copies
of
the
task
.
Only
the
first
copy
will
be
included
in
the
taskgraph
output
artifacts
although
all
tasks
will
be
contained
in
the
same
taskGroup
.
While
most
attributes
are
considered
read
-
only
target
task
methods
may
alter
this
attribute
of
tasks
they
include
in
the
target
set
.
build_platform
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
build
platform
defines
the
platform
for
which
the
binary
was
built
.
It
is
set
for
both
build
and
test
jobs
although
test
jobs
may
have
a
different
test_platform
.
build_type
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
type
of
build
being
performed
.
This
is
a
subdivision
of
build_platform
used
for
different
kinds
of
builds
that
target
the
same
platform
.
Values
are
*
debug
*
opt
test_platform
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
test
platform
defines
the
platform
on
which
tests
are
run
.
It
is
only
defined
for
test
jobs
and
may
differ
from
build_platform
when
the
same
binary
is
tested
on
several
platforms
(
for
example
on
several
versions
of
Windows
)
.
This
applies
for
both
talos
and
unit
tests
.
Unlike
build_platform
the
test
platform
is
represented
in
a
slash
-
separated
format
e
.
g
.
linux64
/
opt
.
unittest_suite
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
unit
test
suite
being
run
in
a
unit
test
task
.
For
example
mochitest
or
cppunittest
.
unittest_category
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
high
-
level
category
of
test
the
suite
corresponds
to
.
This
is
usually
the
test
harness
used
to
run
the
suite
.
unittest_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
unit
test
via
try
syntax
.
It
may
not
match
unittest_suite
.
unittest_variant
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
configuration
variant
the
test
suite
is
running
with
.
If
set
this
usually
means
the
tests
are
running
with
a
special
pref
enabled
.
These
are
defined
in
taskgraph
.
transforms
.
tests
.
TEST_VARIANTS
.
talos_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
talos
job
via
try
syntax
.
raptor_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
raptor
job
via
try
syntax
.
job_try_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
name
used
to
refer
to
a
"
job
"
via
try
syntax
(
-
j
)
.
Note
that
for
some
kinds
-
j
also
matches
against
build_platform
.
test_chunk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
chunk
number
of
a
chunked
test
suite
.
Note
that
this
is
a
string
!
test_manifests
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
list
of
the
test
manifests
that
run
in
this
task
.
e10s
=
=
=
=
For
test
suites
which
distinguish
whether
they
run
with
or
without
e10s
this
boolean
value
identifies
this
particular
run
.
image_name
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
docker_image
kind
this
attribute
contains
the
docker
image
name
.
nightly
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
whether
the
task
is
part
of
a
nightly
graph
.
Useful
when
filtering
out
nightly
tasks
from
full
task
set
at
target
stage
.
shippable
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
whether
the
task
is
considered
"
shippable
"
that
it
should
get
signed
and
is
ok
to
be
used
for
nightlies
or
releases
.
all_locales
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
the
list
of
relevant
locales
for
the
platform
.
all_locales_with_changesets
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Contains
a
dict
of
l10n
changesets
mapped
by
locales
(
same
as
in
all_locales
)
.
l10n_chunk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
the
chunk
number
of
the
job
.
Note
that
this
is
a
string
!
chunk_locales
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
the
l10n
and
shippable
-
l10n
kinds
this
attribute
contains
an
array
of
the
individual
locales
this
chunk
is
responsible
for
processing
.
locale
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
jobs
that
operate
on
only
one
locale
we
set
the
attribute
locale
to
the
specific
locale
involved
.
Currently
this
is
only
in
l10n
versions
of
the
beetmover
and
balrog
kinds
.
signed
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
that
the
output
of
this
task
contains
signed
artifacts
.
stub
-
installer
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Signals
to
the
build
system
that
this
build
is
expected
to
have
a
stub
installer
present
and
informs
followon
tasks
to
expect
it
.
repackage_type
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
is
the
type
of
repackage
.
Can
be
repackage
or
repackage_signing
.
fetch
-
artifact
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
fetch
jobs
this
is
the
path
to
the
artifact
for
that
fetch
operation
.
fetch
-
alias
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
alias
that
can
be
used
instead
of
the
real
fetch
job
name
in
fetch
stanzas
for
jobs
.
toolchain
-
artifact
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
toolchain
jobs
this
is
the
path
to
the
artifact
for
that
toolchain
.
toolchain
-
alias
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
An
alias
that
can
be
used
instead
of
the
real
toolchain
job
name
in
fetch
stanzas
for
jobs
.
always_target
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Tasks
with
this
attribute
will
be
included
in
the
target_task_graph
if
parameters
[
"
tasks_for
"
]
is
hg
-
push
regardless
of
any
target
task
filtering
that
occurs
.
When
a
task
is
included
in
this
manner
(
i
.
e
it
otherwise
would
have
been
filtered
out
)
it
will
be
considered
for
optimization
even
if
the
optimize_target_tasks
parameter
is
False
.
This
is
meant
to
be
used
for
tasks
which
a
developer
would
almost
always
want
to
run
.
Typically
these
tasks
will
be
short
running
and
have
a
high
risk
of
causing
a
backout
.
For
example
lint
or
python
-
unittest
tasks
.
shipping_product
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
release
promotion
jobs
this
is
the
product
we
are
shipping
.
shipping_phase
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
release
promotion
jobs
this
is
the
shipping
phase
(
build
promote
push
ship
)
.
During
the
build
phase
we
build
and
sign
shippable
builds
.
During
the
promote
phase
we
generate
l10n
repacks
and
push
to
the
candidates
directory
.
During
the
push
phase
we
push
to
the
releases
directory
.
During
the
ship
phase
we
update
bouncer
push
to
Google
Play
version
bump
mark
as
shipped
in
ship
-
it
.
Using
the
"
snowman
model
"
we
depend
on
previous
graphs
if
they
'
re
defined
.
So
if
we
ask
for
a
push
(
the
head
of
the
snowman
)
and
point
at
the
body
and
base
we
only
build
the
head
.
If
we
don
'
t
point
at
the
body
and
base
we
build
the
whole
snowman
(
build
promote
push
)
.
artifact_prefix
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Most
taskcluster
artifacts
are
public
so
we
'
ve
hardcoded
public
/
build
in
a
lot
of
places
.
To
support
private
artifacts
we
'
ve
moved
this
to
the
artifact_prefix
attribute
.
It
will
default
to
public
/
build
but
will
be
overridable
per
-
task
.
artifact_map
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
For
beetmover
jobs
this
indicates
which
yaml
file
should
be
used
to
generate
the
upstream
artifacts
and
payload
instructions
to
the
task
.
batch
=
=
=
=
=
Used
by
perftest
to
indicates
that
a
task
can
be
run
as
a
batch
.
enable
-
full
-
crashsymbols
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
In
automation
full
crashsymbol
package
generation
is
normally
disabled
.
For
build
kinds
where
the
full
crashsymbols
should
be
enabled
set
this
attribute
to
True
.
The
full
symbol
packages
will
then
be
generated
and
uploaded
on
release
branches
and
on
try
.
cron
=
=
=
=
Indicates
that
a
task
is
meant
to
be
run
via
cron
tasks
and
should
not
be
run
on
push
.
cached_task
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
tasks
generate
artifacts
that
are
cached
between
pushes
.
This
is
a
dictionary
with
the
type
and
name
of
the
cache
and
the
unique
string
used
to
identify
the
current
version
of
the
artifacts
.
See
:
py
:
mod
:
taskgraph
.
util
.
cached_task
.
.
.
code
:
:
yaml
cached_task
:
digest
:
66dfc2204600b48d92a049b6a18b83972bb9a92f9504c06608a9c20eb4c9d8ae
name
:
debian7
-
base
type
:
docker
-
images
.
v2
required_signoffs
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
A
list
of
release
signoffs
that
this
kind
requires
should
the
release
also
require
these
signoffs
.
For
example
mar
-
signing
signoffs
may
be
required
by
some
releases
in
the
future
;
for
any
releases
that
require
mar
-
signing
signoffs
the
kinds
that
also
require
that
signoff
are
marked
with
this
attribute
.
update
-
channel
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
update
channel
the
build
is
configured
to
use
.
mar
-
channel
-
id
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
mar
-
channel
-
id
the
build
is
configured
to
use
.
accepted
-
mar
-
channel
-
ids
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
mar
-
channel
-
ids
this
build
will
accept
updates
to
.
It
should
usually
be
the
same
as
the
value
mar_channel_id
.
If
more
than
one
ID
is
needed
then
you
should
use
a
comma
separated
list
of
values
.
openh264_rev
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Only
used
for
openh264
plugin
builds
used
to
signify
the
revision
(
and
thus
inform
artifact
name
)
of
the
given
build
.
code
-
review
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
a
task
set
this
boolean
attribute
to
true
it
will
be
processed
by
the
code
review
bot
the
task
will
ran
for
every
new
Phabricator
diff
.
Any
supported
and
detected
issue
will
be
automatically
reported
on
the
Phabricator
revision
.
retrigger
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Whether
the
task
can
be
retriggered
or
if
it
needs
to
be
re
-
run
.
disable
-
push
-
apk
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
GeckoView
-
only
Android
tasks
produce
APKs
that
shouldn
'
t
be
pushed
to
the
Google
Play
Store
.
Set
this
to
true
to
disable
pushing
.
disable
-
build
-
signing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
GeckoView
-
only
tasks
produce
APKs
but
not
APKs
that
should
be
signed
.
Set
this
to
true
to
disable
APK
signing
.
enable
-
build
-
signing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
We
enable
build
-
signing
for
shippable
nightly
and
enable
-
build
-
signing
tasks
.
run
-
visual
-
metrics
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
set
to
true
will
run
the
visual
metrics
task
on
the
provided
video
files
.
skip
-
verify
-
test
-
packaging
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
set
to
true
this
task
will
not
be
checked
to
see
that
MOZ_AUTOMATION_PACKAGE_TESTS
is
set
correctly
based
on
whether
or
not
the
task
has
dependent
tests
.
This
should
only
be
used
in
very
unique
situations
such
as
Windows
AArch64
builds
that
copy
test
packages
between
build
tasks
.
geckodriver
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
non
-
empty
declares
that
the
(
toolchain
)
task
is
a
geckodriver
task
that
produces
a
binary
that
should
be
signed
.
rebuild
-
on
-
release
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
If
true
the
digest
for
this
task
will
also
depend
on
if
the
branch
is
a
release
branch
.
This
will
cause
tasks
like
toolchains
to
be
rebuilt
as
they
move
from
e
.
g
.
autoland
to
mozilla
-
central
.
local
-
toolchain
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
toolchain
is
used
for
local
development
so
should
be
built
on
trunk
even
if
it
does
not
have
any
in
-
graph
consumers
.
artifact
-
build
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
build
is
an
artifact
build
.
This
deliberately
excludes
builds
that
are
implemented
using
the
artifact
build
machinery
but
are
not
primarily
intended
to
short
-
circuit
build
time
.
In
particular
the
Windows
aarch64
builds
are
not
marked
this
way
.
