testing/web-platform/tests/screen_enumeration/README.md, before:

The
screenenumeration
-
helpers
.
js
requires
an
implementation
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interfaces
which
should
emulate
screen
enumeration
backends
.
The
ScreenEnumerationTest
interface
is
defined
as
:
class
ScreenEnumerationTestChromium
{
initialize
(
)
;
/
/
Sets
up
the
testing
environment
.
async
reset
(
)
;
/
/
Frees
the
resources
.
getMockScreenEnumeration
(
)
;
/
/
Returns
MockScreenEnumeration
interface
.
}
;
class
MockScreenEnumeration
{
reset
(
)
;
Empties
data
of
created
mock
displays
.
setId
(
internalId
primaryId
)
;
/
/
Set
primary
screen
and
internal
screen
IDs
.
setSuccess
(
success
)
;
/
/
Set
boolean
to
validate
getDisplays
(
)
returned
values
.
addDisplay
(
display
)
;
/
/
Push
display
to
the
display
vector
.
async
getDisplays
(
)
;
/
/
Interceptor
of
getDisplays
(
screen_enumeration
.
mojom
)
.
}
;
Other
helper
-
functions
are
located
in
screenenumeration
-
helpers
.
js
makeDisplay
(
id
bounds
work_area
scale_factor
)
;
/
/
Create
display
object
.
The
Chromium
implementation
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interface
is
located
in
[
mock
-
screenenumeration
.
js
]
(
.
.
/
resources
/
chromium
/
mock
-
screenenumeration
.
js
)
.
Other
browser
vendors
should
provide
their
own
implementations
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interfaces
.

Commit message:

Bug 1644653 [wpt PR 24078] - wpt: screen enumeration: test to verify screen id, a=testonly
Automatic update from web-platform-tests
wpt: screen enumeration: test to verify screen id

Test to verify screen id.
adding 3 displays to display vector.
getScreens() should return 3 screens with ids 0,1,2.
removing middle display from display vector.
getScreens() should return 2 screens with ids 0,1.
removing last display from display vector.
getScreens() should return 1 screen with id 0.

Bug: 1075656
Change-Id: Ib671b760353766d21330b95833b983c9b5e4737f
Reviewed-on: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromium/src/+/2238112
Reviewed-by: Michael Wasserman <mswchromium.org>
Commit-Queue: Arnaud Mandy <arnaud.mandyintel.com>
Cr-Commit-Position: refs/heads/master{#779689}

--

wpt-commits: df2272857e29491bdb6c8ab77a8adec2f11757d2
wpt-pr: 24078

UltraBlame original commit: f50ab929ee2e42f0bacb211d02471c60d03344b8

testing/web-platform/tests/screen_enumeration/README.md, after:

The
screenenumeration
-
helpers
.
js
requires
an
implementation
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interfaces
which
should
emulate
screen
enumeration
backends
.
The
ScreenEnumerationTest
interface
is
defined
as
:
class
ScreenEnumerationTestChromium
{
initialize
(
)
;
/
/
Sets
up
the
testing
environment
.
async
reset
(
)
;
/
/
Frees
the
resources
.
getMockScreenEnumeration
(
)
;
/
/
Returns
MockScreenEnumeration
interface
.
}
;
class
MockScreenEnumeration
{
reset
(
)
;
Empties
data
of
created
mock
displays
.
setId
(
internalId
primaryId
)
;
/
/
Set
primary
screen
and
internal
screen
IDs
.
setSuccess
(
success
)
;
/
/
Set
boolean
to
validate
getDisplays
(
)
returned
values
.
addDisplay
(
display
)
;
/
/
Push
display
to
the
display
vector
.
removeDisplay
(
id
)
;
/
/
Remove
display
from
the
display
vector
.
async
getDisplays
(
)
;
/
/
Interceptor
of
getDisplays
(
screen_enumeration
.
mojom
)
.
}
;
Other
helper
-
functions
are
located
in
screenenumeration
-
helpers
.
js
makeDisplay
(
id
bounds
work_area
scale_factor
)
;
/
/
Create
display
object
.
The
Chromium
implementation
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interface
is
located
in
[
mock
-
screenenumeration
.
js
]
(
.
.
/
resources
/
chromium
/
mock
-
screenenumeration
.
js
)
.
Other
browser
vendors
should
provide
their
own
implementations
of
the
ScreenEnumerationTest
interfaces
.
