docs/code-quality/lint/linters/file-perm.rst, before:

File
permission
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
linter
verifies
if
a
file
has
unnecessary
permissions
.
If
a
file
has
execution
permissions
(
+
x
)
file
-
perm
will
generate
a
warning
.
It
will
ignore
files
starting
with
#
!
(
Python
or
node
scripts
)
.
This
linter
does
not
have
any
affect
on
Windows
.
Run
Locally
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
mozlint
linter
can
be
run
using
mach
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
mach
lint
-
-
linter
file
-
perm
<
file
paths
>
Configuration
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
linter
is
enabled
on
the
whole
code
base
.
This
job
is
configured
as
tier
2
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Sheriffing
/
Job_Visibility_Policy
#
Overview_of_the_Job_Visibility_Tiers
>
_
.
Autofix
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
linter
provides
a
-
-
fix
option
.
The
python
script
is
doing
the
change
itself
.
Sources
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
*
Configuration
(
YAML
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
file
-
perm
.
yml
>
_
*
Source
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
file
-
perm
/
__init__
.
py
>
_

Commit message:

Bug 1651731: [lint] Only allow files that are typically executable to have shebang lines override permission check; r=linter-reviewers,sylvestre
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D82949

UltraBlame original commit: 950437cb82733c84f51266780bfe2f9e2bea5189

docs/code-quality/lint/linters/file-perm.rst, after:

File
permission
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
linter
verifies
if
a
file
has
unnecessary
permissions
.
If
a
file
has
execution
permissions
(
+
x
)
file
-
perm
will
generate
a
warning
.
It
will
ignore
files
starting
with
#
!
for
types
of
files
that
typically
have
shebang
lines
(
such
as
python
node
or
shell
scripts
)
.
This
linter
does
not
have
any
affect
on
Windows
.
Run
Locally
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
mozlint
linter
can
be
run
using
mach
:
.
.
parsed
-
literal
:
:
mach
lint
-
-
linter
file
-
perm
<
file
paths
>
Configuration
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
linter
is
enabled
on
the
whole
code
base
.
This
job
is
configured
as
tier
2
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
Sheriffing
/
Job_Visibility_Policy
#
Overview_of_the_Job_Visibility_Tiers
>
_
.
Autofix
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
This
linter
provides
a
-
-
fix
option
.
The
python
script
is
doing
the
change
itself
.
Sources
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
*
Configuration
(
YAML
)
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
file
-
perm
.
yml
>
_
*
Source
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
lint
/
file
-
perm
/
__init__
.
py
>
_
