browser/components/urlbar/docs/overview.rst, before:

Architecture
Overview
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
address
bar
is
implemented
as
a
*
model
-
view
-
controller
*
(
MVC
)
system
.
One
of
the
scopes
of
this
architecture
is
to
allow
easy
replacement
of
its
components
for
easier
experimentation
.
Each
search
is
represented
by
a
unique
object
the
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
.
This
object
created
by
the
*
View
*
describes
the
search
and
is
passed
through
all
of
the
components
along
the
way
it
gets
augmented
with
additional
information
.
The
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
is
passed
to
the
*
Controller
*
and
finally
to
the
*
Model
*
.
The
model
appends
results
to
a
property
of
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
in
chunks
it
sorts
them
through
a
*
Muxer
*
and
then
notifies
the
*
Controller
*
.
See
the
specific
components
below
for
additional
details
about
each
one
'
s
tasks
and
responsibilities
.
The
UrlbarQueryContext
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
object
describes
a
single
instance
of
a
search
.
It
is
augmented
as
it
progresses
through
the
system
with
various
information
:
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarQueryContext
{
allowAutofill
;
/
/
{
boolean
}
If
true
providers
are
allowed
to
return
/
/
autofill
results
.
Even
if
true
it
'
s
up
to
providers
/
/
whether
to
include
autofill
results
but
when
false
no
/
/
provider
should
include
them
.
isPrivate
;
/
/
{
boolean
}
Whether
the
search
started
in
a
private
context
.
maxResults
;
/
/
{
integer
}
The
maximum
number
of
results
requested
.
It
is
/
/
possible
to
request
more
results
than
the
shown
ones
and
/
/
do
additional
filtering
at
the
View
level
.
searchString
;
/
/
{
string
}
The
user
typed
string
.
userContextId
;
/
/
{
integer
}
The
user
context
ID
(
containers
feature
)
.
/
/
Optional
properties
.
muxer
;
/
/
{
string
}
Name
of
a
registered
muxer
.
Muxers
can
be
registered
/
/
through
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
providers
;
/
/
{
array
}
List
of
registered
provider
names
.
Providers
can
be
/
/
registered
through
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
sources
:
{
array
}
list
of
accepted
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_SOURCE
for
the
context
.
/
/
This
allows
to
switch
between
different
search
modes
.
If
not
/
/
provided
a
default
will
be
generated
by
the
Model
depending
on
/
/
the
search
string
.
engineName
:
/
/
{
string
}
if
sources
is
restricting
to
just
SEARCH
this
/
/
property
can
be
used
to
pick
a
specific
search
engine
by
/
/
setting
it
to
the
name
under
which
the
engine
is
registered
/
/
with
the
search
service
.
currentPage
:
/
/
{
string
}
url
of
the
page
that
was
loaded
when
the
search
/
/
began
.
prohibitRemoteResults
:
/
/
{
boolean
}
This
provides
a
short
-
circuit
override
for
/
/
context
.
allowRemoteResults
(
)
.
If
it
'
s
false
then
allowRemoteResults
(
)
/
/
will
do
its
usual
checks
to
determine
whether
remote
results
are
/
/
allowed
.
If
it
'
s
true
then
allowRemoteResults
(
)
will
immediately
/
/
return
false
.
Defaults
to
false
.
/
/
Properties
added
by
the
Model
.
results
;
/
/
{
array
}
list
of
UrlbarResult
objects
.
tokens
;
/
/
{
array
}
tokens
extracted
from
the
searchString
each
token
is
an
/
/
object
in
the
form
{
type
value
lowerCaseValue
}
.
}
The
Model
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
*
Model
*
is
the
component
responsible
for
retrieving
search
results
based
on
the
user
'
s
input
and
sorting
them
accordingly
to
their
importance
.
At
the
core
is
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
a
component
tracking
all
the
available
search
providers
and
managing
searches
across
them
.
The
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
is
a
singleton
it
registers
internal
providers
on
startup
and
can
register
/
unregister
providers
on
the
fly
.
It
can
manage
multiple
concurrent
queries
and
tracks
them
internally
as
separate
*
Query
*
objects
.
The
*
Controller
*
starts
and
stops
queries
through
the
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
.
It
'
s
possible
to
wait
for
the
promise
returned
by
*
startQuery
*
to
know
when
no
more
results
will
be
returned
it
is
not
mandatory
though
.
Queries
can
be
canceled
.
.
.
note
:
:
Canceling
a
query
will
issue
an
interrupt
(
)
on
the
database
connection
terminating
any
running
and
future
SQL
query
unless
a
query
is
running
inside
a
*
runInCriticalSection
*
task
.
The
*
searchString
*
gets
tokenized
by
the
UrlbarTokenizer
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarTokenizer
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
component
into
tokens
some
of
these
tokens
have
a
special
meaning
and
can
be
used
by
the
user
to
restrict
the
search
to
specific
result
type
(
See
the
*
UrlbarTokenizer
:
:
TYPE
*
enum
)
.
.
.
caution
:
:
The
tokenizer
uses
heuristics
to
determine
each
token
'
s
type
as
such
the
consumer
may
want
to
check
the
value
before
applying
filters
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarProvidersManager
{
registerProvider
(
providerObj
)
;
unregisterProvider
(
providerObj
)
;
registerMuxer
(
muxerObj
)
;
unregisterMuxer
(
muxerObjOrName
)
;
async
startQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Can
be
used
by
providers
to
run
uninterruptible
queries
.
runInCriticalSection
(
taskFn
)
;
}
UrlbarProvider
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
A
provider
is
specialized
into
searching
and
returning
results
from
different
information
sources
.
Internal
providers
are
usually
implemented
in
separate
*
sys
.
mjs
*
modules
with
a
*
UrlbarProvider
*
name
prefix
.
External
providers
can
be
registered
as
*
Objects
*
through
the
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
.
Each
provider
is
independent
and
must
satisfy
a
base
API
while
internal
implementation
details
may
vary
deeply
among
different
providers
.
.
.
important
:
:
Providers
are
singleton
and
must
track
concurrent
searches
internally
for
example
mapping
them
by
UrlbarQueryContext
.
.
.
note
:
:
Internal
providers
can
access
the
Places
database
through
the
*
PlacesUtils
.
promiseLargeCacheDBConnection
*
utility
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
class
UrlbarProvider
{
/
*
*
*
Unique
name
for
the
provider
used
by
the
context
to
filter
on
providers
.
*
Not
using
a
unique
name
will
cause
the
newest
registration
to
win
.
*
abstract
*
/
get
name
(
)
{
return
"
UrlbarProviderBase
"
;
}
/
*
*
*
The
type
of
the
provider
must
be
one
of
UrlbarUtils
.
PROVIDER_TYPE
.
*
*
returns
{
Values
<
typeof
UrlbarUtils
.
PROVIDER_TYPE
>
}
*
abstract
*
/
get
type
(
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Whether
this
provider
should
be
invoked
for
the
given
context
.
*
If
this
method
returns
false
the
providers
manager
won
'
t
start
a
query
*
with
this
provider
to
save
on
resources
.
*
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
*
The
query
context
object
*
param
{
UrlbarController
}
controller
*
The
current
controller
.
*
returns
{
Promise
<
boolean
>
}
*
Whether
this
provider
should
be
invoked
for
the
search
.
*
abstract
*
/
isActive
(
queryContext
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Gets
the
provider
'
s
priority
.
Priorities
are
numeric
values
starting
at
*
zero
and
increasing
in
value
.
Smaller
values
are
lower
priorities
and
*
larger
values
are
higher
priorities
.
For
a
given
query
startQuery
is
*
called
on
only
the
active
and
highest
-
priority
providers
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
*
returns
{
number
}
The
provider
'
s
priority
for
the
given
query
.
*
abstract
*
/
getPriority
(
queryContext
)
{
/
/
By
default
all
providers
share
the
lowest
priority
.
return
0
;
}
/
*
*
*
Starts
querying
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
*
param
{
function
}
addCallback
Callback
invoked
by
the
provider
to
add
a
new
*
result
.
A
UrlbarResult
should
be
passed
to
it
.
*
note
Extended
classes
should
return
a
Promise
resolved
when
the
provider
*
is
done
searching
AND
returning
results
.
*
abstract
*
/
startQuery
(
queryContext
addCallback
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Cancels
a
running
query
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
to
cancel
*
query
for
.
*
abstract
*
/
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
}
UrlbarMuxer
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
The
*
Muxer
*
is
responsible
for
sorting
results
based
on
their
importance
and
additional
rules
that
depend
on
the
UrlbarQueryContext
.
The
muxer
to
use
is
indicated
by
the
UrlbarQueryContext
.
muxer
property
.
.
.
caution
:
:
The
Muxer
is
a
replaceable
component
as
such
what
is
described
here
is
a
reference
for
the
default
View
but
may
not
be
valid
for
other
implementations
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
class
UrlbarMuxer
{
/
*
*
*
Unique
name
for
the
muxer
used
by
the
context
to
sort
results
.
*
Not
using
a
unique
name
will
cause
the
newest
registration
to
win
.
*
abstract
*
/
get
name
(
)
{
return
"
UrlbarMuxerBase
"
;
}
/
*
*
*
Sorts
UrlbarQueryContext
results
in
-
place
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
the
context
to
sort
results
for
.
*
abstract
*
/
sort
(
queryContext
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
}
The
Controller
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
UrlbarController
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarController
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
is
the
component
responsible
for
reacting
to
user
'
s
input
by
communicating
proper
course
of
action
to
the
Model
(
e
.
g
.
starting
/
stopping
a
query
)
and
the
View
(
e
.
g
.
showing
/
hiding
a
panel
)
.
It
is
also
responsible
for
reporting
Telemetry
.
.
.
note
:
:
Each
*
View
*
has
a
different
*
Controller
*
instance
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarController
{
async
startQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
by
the
ProvidersManager
when
results
are
available
.
receiveResults
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Used
by
the
View
to
listen
for
results
.
addListener
(
listener
)
;
removeListener
(
listener
)
;
}
The
View
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
View
is
the
component
responsible
for
presenting
search
results
to
the
user
and
handling
their
input
.
.
.
caution
The
View
is
a
replaceable
component
as
such
what
is
described
here
is
a
reference
for
the
default
View
but
may
not
be
valid
for
other
implementations
.
UrlbarInput
.
sys
.
mjs
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarInput
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Implements
an
input
box
*
View
*
owns
an
*
UrlbarView
*
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarInput
{
constructor
(
options
=
{
textbox
panel
}
)
;
/
/
Uses
UrlbarValueFormatter
to
highlight
the
base
host
search
aliases
/
/
and
to
keep
the
host
visible
on
overflow
.
formatValue
(
val
)
;
openResults
(
)
;
/
/
Converts
an
internal
URI
(
e
.
g
.
a
URI
with
a
username
or
password
)
into
/
/
one
which
we
can
expose
to
the
user
.
makeURIReadable
(
uri
)
;
/
/
Handles
an
event
which
would
cause
a
url
or
text
to
be
opened
.
handleCommand
(
)
;
/
/
Called
by
the
view
when
a
result
is
selected
.
resultsSelected
(
)
;
/
/
The
underlying
textbox
textbox
;
/
/
The
results
panel
.
panel
;
/
/
The
containing
window
.
window
;
/
/
The
containing
document
.
document
;
/
/
An
UrlbarController
instance
.
controller
;
/
/
An
UrlbarView
instance
.
view
;
/
/
Whether
the
current
value
was
typed
by
the
user
.
valueIsTyped
;
/
/
Whether
the
context
is
in
Private
Browsing
mode
.
isPrivate
;
/
/
Whether
the
input
box
is
focused
.
focused
;
/
/
The
go
button
element
.
goButton
;
/
/
The
current
value
can
also
be
set
.
value
;
}
UrlbarView
.
sys
.
mjs
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarView
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Represents
the
base
*
View
*
implementation
communicates
with
the
*
Controller
*
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarView
{
/
/
Manage
View
visibility
.
open
(
)
;
close
(
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
starts
.
onQueryStarted
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
new
results
are
available
.
onQueryResults
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
has
been
canceled
.
onQueryCancelled
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
is
done
.
This
is
invoked
in
any
case
even
if
the
/
/
query
was
canceled
earlier
.
onQueryFinished
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
view
opens
.
onViewOpen
(
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
view
closes
.
onViewClose
(
)
;
}
UrlbarResult
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
An
UrlbarResult
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarResult
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
instance
represents
a
single
search
result
with
a
result
type
that
identifies
specific
kind
of
results
.
Each
kind
has
its
own
properties
that
the
*
View
*
may
support
and
a
few
common
properties
supported
by
all
of
the
results
.
.
.
note
:
:
Result
types
are
also
enumerated
by
*
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_TYPE
*
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarResult
{
constructor
(
resultType
payload
)
;
type
:
{
integer
}
One
of
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_TYPE
.
source
:
{
integer
}
One
of
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_SOURCE
.
title
:
{
string
}
A
title
that
may
be
used
as
a
label
for
this
result
.
icon
:
{
string
}
Url
of
an
icon
for
this
result
.
payload
:
{
object
}
Object
containing
properties
for
the
specific
RESULT_TYPE
.
autofill
:
{
object
}
An
object
describing
the
text
that
should
be
autofilled
in
the
input
when
the
result
is
selected
if
any
.
autofill
.
value
:
{
string
}
The
autofill
value
.
autofill
.
selectionStart
:
{
integer
}
The
first
index
in
the
autofill
selection
.
autofill
.
selectionEnd
:
{
integer
}
The
last
index
in
the
autofill
selection
.
suggestedIndex
:
{
integer
}
Suggest
a
preferred
position
for
this
result
within
the
result
set
.
Undefined
if
none
.
isSuggestedIndexRelativeToGroup
:
{
boolean
}
Whether
the
suggestedIndex
property
is
relative
to
the
result
'
s
group
instead
of
the
entire
result
set
.
}
The
following
RESULT_TYPEs
are
supported
:
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
/
/
An
open
tab
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
userContextId
}
TAB_SWITCH
:
1
/
/
A
search
suggestion
or
engine
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
suggestion
keyword
query
providesSearchMode
inPrivateWindow
isPrivateEngine
}
SEARCH
:
2
/
/
A
common
url
/
title
tuple
may
be
a
bookmark
with
tags
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
title
tags
}
URL
:
3
/
/
A
bookmark
keyword
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
keyword
postData
}
KEYWORD
:
4
/
/
A
WebExtension
Omnibox
result
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
keyword
title
content
}
OMNIBOX
:
5
/
/
A
tab
from
another
synced
device
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
device
title
}
REMOTE_TAB
:
6
/
/
An
actionable
message
to
help
the
user
with
their
query
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
buttons
helpL10n
helpUrl
icon
titleL10n
type
}
TIP
:
7
/
/
A
type
of
result
which
layout
is
defined
at
runtime
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
dynamicType
}
DYNAMIC
:
8

Commit message:

Bug 1975920 - Fix TypeScript issues in various urlbar modules and enable them. r=urlbar-reviewers,jteow
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D256226

UltraBlame original commit: 7d47fe9c3e3dc7ff4e442d749013aa3a43b35a10

browser/components/urlbar/docs/overview.rst, after:

Architecture
Overview
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
address
bar
is
implemented
as
a
*
model
-
view
-
controller
*
(
MVC
)
system
.
One
of
the
scopes
of
this
architecture
is
to
allow
easy
replacement
of
its
components
for
easier
experimentation
.
Each
search
is
represented
by
a
unique
object
the
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
.
This
object
created
by
the
*
View
*
describes
the
search
and
is
passed
through
all
of
the
components
along
the
way
it
gets
augmented
with
additional
information
.
The
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
is
passed
to
the
*
Controller
*
and
finally
to
the
*
Model
*
.
The
model
appends
results
to
a
property
of
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
in
chunks
it
sorts
them
through
a
*
Muxer
*
and
then
notifies
the
*
Controller
*
.
See
the
specific
components
below
for
additional
details
about
each
one
'
s
tasks
and
responsibilities
.
The
UrlbarQueryContext
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
*
UrlbarQueryContext
*
object
describes
a
single
instance
of
a
search
.
It
is
augmented
as
it
progresses
through
the
system
with
various
information
:
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarQueryContext
{
allowAutofill
;
/
/
{
boolean
}
If
true
providers
are
allowed
to
return
/
/
autofill
results
.
Even
if
true
it
'
s
up
to
providers
/
/
whether
to
include
autofill
results
but
when
false
no
/
/
provider
should
include
them
.
isPrivate
;
/
/
{
boolean
}
Whether
the
search
started
in
a
private
context
.
maxResults
;
/
/
{
integer
}
The
maximum
number
of
results
requested
.
It
is
/
/
possible
to
request
more
results
than
the
shown
ones
and
/
/
do
additional
filtering
at
the
View
level
.
searchString
;
/
/
{
string
}
The
user
typed
string
.
userContextId
;
/
/
{
integer
}
The
user
context
ID
(
containers
feature
)
.
/
/
Optional
properties
.
muxer
;
/
/
{
string
}
Name
of
a
registered
muxer
.
Muxers
can
be
registered
/
/
through
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
providers
;
/
/
{
array
}
List
of
registered
provider
names
.
Providers
can
be
/
/
registered
through
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
sources
:
{
array
}
list
of
accepted
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_SOURCE
for
the
context
.
/
/
This
allows
to
switch
between
different
search
modes
.
If
not
/
/
provided
a
default
will
be
generated
by
the
Model
depending
on
/
/
the
search
string
.
engineName
:
/
/
{
string
}
if
sources
is
restricting
to
just
SEARCH
this
/
/
property
can
be
used
to
pick
a
specific
search
engine
by
/
/
setting
it
to
the
name
under
which
the
engine
is
registered
/
/
with
the
search
service
.
currentPage
:
/
/
{
string
}
url
of
the
page
that
was
loaded
when
the
search
/
/
began
.
prohibitRemoteResults
:
/
/
{
boolean
}
This
provides
a
short
-
circuit
override
for
/
/
context
.
allowRemoteResults
(
)
.
If
it
'
s
false
then
allowRemoteResults
(
)
/
/
will
do
its
usual
checks
to
determine
whether
remote
results
are
/
/
allowed
.
If
it
'
s
true
then
allowRemoteResults
(
)
will
immediately
/
/
return
false
.
Defaults
to
false
.
/
/
Properties
added
by
the
Model
.
results
;
/
/
{
array
}
list
of
UrlbarResult
objects
.
tokens
;
/
/
{
array
}
tokens
extracted
from
the
searchString
each
token
is
an
/
/
object
in
the
form
{
type
value
lowerCaseValue
}
.
}
The
Model
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
*
Model
*
is
the
component
responsible
for
retrieving
search
results
based
on
the
user
'
s
input
and
sorting
them
accordingly
to
their
importance
.
At
the
core
is
the
UrlbarProvidersManager
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarProvidersManager
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
a
component
tracking
all
the
available
search
providers
and
managing
searches
across
them
.
The
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
is
a
singleton
it
registers
internal
providers
on
startup
and
can
register
/
unregister
providers
on
the
fly
.
It
can
manage
multiple
concurrent
queries
and
tracks
them
internally
as
separate
*
Query
*
objects
.
The
*
Controller
*
starts
and
stops
queries
through
the
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
.
It
'
s
possible
to
wait
for
the
promise
returned
by
*
startQuery
*
to
know
when
no
more
results
will
be
returned
it
is
not
mandatory
though
.
Queries
can
be
canceled
.
.
.
note
:
:
Canceling
a
query
will
issue
an
interrupt
(
)
on
the
database
connection
terminating
any
running
and
future
SQL
query
unless
a
query
is
running
inside
a
*
runInCriticalSection
*
task
.
The
*
searchString
*
gets
tokenized
by
the
UrlbarTokenizer
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarTokenizer
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
component
into
tokens
some
of
these
tokens
have
a
special
meaning
and
can
be
used
by
the
user
to
restrict
the
search
to
specific
result
type
(
See
the
*
UrlbarTokenizer
:
:
TYPE
*
enum
)
.
.
.
caution
:
:
The
tokenizer
uses
heuristics
to
determine
each
token
'
s
type
as
such
the
consumer
may
want
to
check
the
value
before
applying
filters
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarProvidersManager
{
registerProvider
(
providerObj
)
;
unregisterProvider
(
providerObj
)
;
registerMuxer
(
muxerObj
)
;
unregisterMuxer
(
muxerObjOrName
)
;
async
startQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Can
be
used
by
providers
to
run
uninterruptible
queries
.
runInCriticalSection
(
taskFn
)
;
}
UrlbarProvider
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
A
provider
is
specialized
into
searching
and
returning
results
from
different
information
sources
.
Internal
providers
are
usually
implemented
in
separate
*
sys
.
mjs
*
modules
with
a
*
UrlbarProvider
*
name
prefix
.
External
providers
can
be
registered
as
*
Objects
*
through
the
*
UrlbarProvidersManager
*
.
Each
provider
is
independent
and
must
satisfy
a
base
API
while
internal
implementation
details
may
vary
deeply
among
different
providers
.
.
.
important
:
:
Providers
are
singleton
and
must
track
concurrent
searches
internally
for
example
mapping
them
by
UrlbarQueryContext
.
.
.
note
:
:
Internal
providers
can
access
the
Places
database
through
the
*
PlacesUtils
.
promiseLargeCacheDBConnection
*
utility
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
class
UrlbarProvider
{
/
*
*
*
Unique
name
for
the
provider
used
by
the
context
to
filter
on
providers
.
*
Not
using
a
unique
name
will
cause
the
newest
registration
to
win
.
*
abstract
*
/
get
name
(
)
{
return
"
UrlbarProviderBase
"
;
}
/
*
*
*
The
type
of
the
provider
must
be
one
of
UrlbarUtils
.
PROVIDER_TYPE
.
*
*
returns
{
Values
<
typeof
UrlbarUtils
.
PROVIDER_TYPE
>
}
*
abstract
*
/
get
type
(
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Whether
this
provider
should
be
invoked
for
the
given
context
.
*
If
this
method
returns
false
the
providers
manager
won
'
t
start
a
query
*
with
this
provider
to
save
on
resources
.
*
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
*
The
query
context
object
*
param
{
UrlbarController
}
controller
*
The
current
controller
.
*
returns
{
Promise
<
boolean
>
}
*
Whether
this
provider
should
be
invoked
for
the
search
.
*
abstract
*
/
isActive
(
queryContext
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Gets
the
provider
'
s
priority
.
Priorities
are
numeric
values
starting
at
*
zero
and
increasing
in
value
.
Smaller
values
are
lower
priorities
and
*
larger
values
are
higher
priorities
.
For
a
given
query
startQuery
is
*
called
on
only
the
active
and
highest
-
priority
providers
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
*
returns
{
number
}
The
provider
'
s
priority
for
the
given
query
.
*
abstract
*
/
getPriority
(
queryContext
)
{
/
/
By
default
all
providers
share
the
lowest
priority
.
return
0
;
}
/
*
*
*
Starts
querying
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
*
param
{
function
}
addCallback
Callback
invoked
by
the
provider
to
add
a
new
*
result
.
A
UrlbarResult
should
be
passed
to
it
.
*
note
Extended
classes
should
return
a
Promise
resolved
when
the
provider
*
is
done
searching
AND
returning
results
.
*
abstract
*
/
startQuery
(
queryContext
addCallback
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
/
*
*
*
Cancels
a
running
query
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
The
query
context
object
to
cancel
*
query
for
.
*
abstract
*
/
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
}
UrlbarMuxer
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
The
*
Muxer
*
is
responsible
for
sorting
results
based
on
their
importance
and
additional
rules
that
depend
on
the
UrlbarQueryContext
.
The
muxer
to
use
is
indicated
by
the
UrlbarQueryContext
.
muxer
property
.
.
.
caution
:
:
The
Muxer
is
a
replaceable
component
as
such
what
is
described
here
is
a
reference
for
the
default
View
but
may
not
be
valid
for
other
implementations
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
class
UrlbarMuxer
{
/
*
*
*
Unique
name
for
the
muxer
used
by
the
context
to
sort
results
.
*
Not
using
a
unique
name
will
cause
the
newest
registration
to
win
.
*
abstract
*
/
get
name
(
)
{
return
"
UrlbarMuxerBase
"
;
}
/
*
*
*
Sorts
UrlbarQueryContext
results
in
-
place
.
*
param
{
UrlbarQueryContext
}
queryContext
the
context
to
sort
results
for
.
*
param
{
Array
}
unsortedResults
*
The
array
of
UrlbarResult
that
is
not
sorted
yet
.
*
abstract
*
/
sort
(
queryContext
unsortedResults
)
{
throw
new
Error
(
"
Trying
to
access
the
base
class
must
be
overridden
"
)
;
}
}
The
Controller
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
UrlbarController
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarController
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
is
the
component
responsible
for
reacting
to
user
'
s
input
by
communicating
proper
course
of
action
to
the
Model
(
e
.
g
.
starting
/
stopping
a
query
)
and
the
View
(
e
.
g
.
showing
/
hiding
a
panel
)
.
It
is
also
responsible
for
reporting
Telemetry
.
.
.
note
:
:
Each
*
View
*
has
a
different
*
Controller
*
instance
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarController
{
async
startQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
cancelQuery
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
by
the
ProvidersManager
when
results
are
available
.
receiveResults
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Used
by
the
View
to
listen
for
results
.
addListener
(
listener
)
;
removeListener
(
listener
)
;
}
The
View
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
View
is
the
component
responsible
for
presenting
search
results
to
the
user
and
handling
their
input
.
.
.
caution
The
View
is
a
replaceable
component
as
such
what
is
described
here
is
a
reference
for
the
default
View
but
may
not
be
valid
for
other
implementations
.
UrlbarInput
.
sys
.
mjs
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarInput
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Implements
an
input
box
*
View
*
owns
an
*
UrlbarView
*
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarInput
{
constructor
(
options
=
{
textbox
panel
}
)
;
/
/
Uses
UrlbarValueFormatter
to
highlight
the
base
host
search
aliases
/
/
and
to
keep
the
host
visible
on
overflow
.
formatValue
(
val
)
;
openResults
(
)
;
/
/
Converts
an
internal
URI
(
e
.
g
.
a
URI
with
a
username
or
password
)
into
/
/
one
which
we
can
expose
to
the
user
.
makeURIReadable
(
uri
)
;
/
/
Handles
an
event
which
would
cause
a
url
or
text
to
be
opened
.
handleCommand
(
)
;
/
/
Called
by
the
view
when
a
result
is
selected
.
resultsSelected
(
)
;
/
/
The
underlying
textbox
textbox
;
/
/
The
results
panel
.
panel
;
/
/
The
containing
window
.
window
;
/
/
The
containing
document
.
document
;
/
/
An
UrlbarController
instance
.
controller
;
/
/
An
UrlbarView
instance
.
view
;
/
/
Whether
the
current
value
was
typed
by
the
user
.
valueIsTyped
;
/
/
Whether
the
context
is
in
Private
Browsing
mode
.
isPrivate
;
/
/
Whether
the
input
box
is
focused
.
focused
;
/
/
The
go
button
element
.
goButton
;
/
/
The
current
value
can
also
be
set
.
value
;
}
UrlbarView
.
sys
.
mjs
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarView
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
~
Represents
the
base
*
View
*
implementation
communicates
with
the
*
Controller
*
.
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarView
{
/
/
Manage
View
visibility
.
open
(
)
;
close
(
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
starts
.
onQueryStarted
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
new
results
are
available
.
onQueryResults
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
has
been
canceled
.
onQueryCancelled
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
query
is
done
.
This
is
invoked
in
any
case
even
if
the
/
/
query
was
canceled
earlier
.
onQueryFinished
(
queryContext
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
view
opens
.
onViewOpen
(
)
;
/
/
Invoked
when
the
view
closes
.
onViewClose
(
)
;
}
UrlbarResult
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
An
UrlbarResult
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
components
/
urlbar
/
UrlbarResult
.
sys
.
mjs
>
_
instance
represents
a
single
search
result
with
a
result
type
that
identifies
specific
kind
of
results
.
Each
kind
has
its
own
properties
that
the
*
View
*
may
support
and
a
few
common
properties
supported
by
all
of
the
results
.
.
.
note
:
:
Result
types
are
also
enumerated
by
*
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_TYPE
*
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
JavaScript
UrlbarResult
{
constructor
(
resultType
payload
)
;
type
:
{
integer
}
One
of
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_TYPE
.
source
:
{
integer
}
One
of
UrlbarUtils
.
RESULT_SOURCE
.
title
:
{
string
}
A
title
that
may
be
used
as
a
label
for
this
result
.
icon
:
{
string
}
Url
of
an
icon
for
this
result
.
payload
:
{
object
}
Object
containing
properties
for
the
specific
RESULT_TYPE
.
autofill
:
{
object
}
An
object
describing
the
text
that
should
be
autofilled
in
the
input
when
the
result
is
selected
if
any
.
autofill
.
value
:
{
string
}
The
autofill
value
.
autofill
.
selectionStart
:
{
integer
}
The
first
index
in
the
autofill
selection
.
autofill
.
selectionEnd
:
{
integer
}
The
last
index
in
the
autofill
selection
.
suggestedIndex
:
{
integer
}
Suggest
a
preferred
position
for
this
result
within
the
result
set
.
Undefined
if
none
.
isSuggestedIndexRelativeToGroup
:
{
boolean
}
Whether
the
suggestedIndex
property
is
relative
to
the
result
'
s
group
instead
of
the
entire
result
set
.
}
The
following
RESULT_TYPEs
are
supported
:
.
.
code
:
:
JavaScript
/
/
An
open
tab
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
userContextId
}
TAB_SWITCH
:
1
/
/
A
search
suggestion
or
engine
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
suggestion
keyword
query
providesSearchMode
inPrivateWindow
isPrivateEngine
}
SEARCH
:
2
/
/
A
common
url
/
title
tuple
may
be
a
bookmark
with
tags
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
title
tags
}
URL
:
3
/
/
A
bookmark
keyword
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
keyword
postData
}
KEYWORD
:
4
/
/
A
WebExtension
Omnibox
result
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
keyword
title
content
}
OMNIBOX
:
5
/
/
A
tab
from
another
synced
device
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
icon
url
device
title
}
REMOTE_TAB
:
6
/
/
An
actionable
message
to
help
the
user
with
their
query
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
buttons
helpL10n
helpUrl
icon
titleL10n
type
}
TIP
:
7
/
/
A
type
of
result
which
layout
is
defined
at
runtime
.
/
/
Payload
:
{
dynamicType
}
DYNAMIC
:
8
