servo/README.md, before:

The
Servo
Parallel
Browser
Project
Servo
is
a
prototype
web
browser
engine
written
in
the
[
Rust
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
rust
)
language
.
It
is
currently
developed
on
64bit
OS
X
and
64bit
Linux
.
#
#
Prerequisites
On
OS
X
(
homebrew
)
:
sh
brew
install
https
:
/
/
raw
.
github
.
com
/
Homebrew
/
homebrew
-
versions
/
master
/
autoconf213
.
rb
brew
install
automake
libtool
pkg
-
config
On
OS
X
(
MacPorts
)
:
sh
sudo
port
install
autoconf213
On
Debian
-
based
Linuxes
:
sh
sudo
apt
-
get
install
autoconf2
.
13
curl
freeglut3
-
dev
libtool
\
libfreetype6
-
dev
libfontconfig1
-
dev
libgl1
-
mesa
-
dri
libglib2
.
0
-
dev
\
xorg
-
dev
msttcorefonts
On
Debian
-
based
Linuxes
(
cross
-
compilation
for
Android
)
:
sh
sudo
apt
-
get
install
autoconf2
.
13
curl
libtool
ia32
-
libs
And
it
needs
pre
-
installed
Android
tools
.
See
wiki
for
[
details
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
/
wiki
/
Doc
-
building
-
for
-
android
)
Servo
builds
its
own
copy
of
Rust
so
there
is
no
need
to
provide
a
Rust
compiler
.
#
#
Building
Servo
cannot
be
built
in
-
tree
;
you
must
create
a
directory
in
which
to
run
configure
and
make
and
place
the
build
artifacts
.
sh
git
clone
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
.
git
cd
servo
mkdir
-
p
build
&
&
cd
build
.
.
/
configure
make
&
&
make
check
.
/
servo
.
.
/
src
/
test
/
html
/
about
-
mozilla
.
html
#
#
#
Building
for
Android
target
sh
git
clone
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
.
git
cd
servo
mkdir
-
p
build
&
&
cd
build
.
.
/
configure
-
-
target
-
triples
=
arm
-
linux
-
androideabi
-
-
android
-
cross
-
path
=
<
Android
toolchain
path
>
-
-
android
-
ndk
-
path
=
<
Android
NDK
path
>
-
-
android
-
sdk
-
path
=
<
Android
SDK
path
>
make
#
#
Running
#
#
#
Commandline
Arguments
-
-
p
INTERVAL
turns
on
the
profiler
and
dumps
info
to
the
console
every
INTERVAL
seconds
-
-
s
SIZE
sets
the
tile
size
for
rendering
;
defaults
to
512
#
#
#
Keyboard
Shortcuts
-
Ctrl
-
L
opens
a
dialog
to
browse
to
a
new
URL
(
Mac
only
currently
)
-
Ctrl
-
-
zooms
out
-
Ctrl
-
=
zooms
in
-
Backspace
goes
backwards
in
the
history
-
Shift
-
Backspace
goes
forwards
in
the
history
-
Esc
exits
servo
#
#
Developing
There
are
lots
of
make
targets
you
can
use
:
-
make
clean
-
cleans
Servo
and
its
dependencies
but
not
Rust
-
make
clean
-
rust
-
cleans
Rust
-
make
clean
-
servo
-
only
cleans
Servo
itself
(
code
in
src
/
components
-
make
clean
-
DEP
-
cleans
the
dependency
DEP
.
e
.
g
.
make
clean
-
rust
-
opengles
-
make
bindings
-
generate
the
Rust
WebIDL
bindings
-
make
DEP
-
builds
only
the
specified
dependency
.
e
.
g
.
make
rust
-
opengles
-
make
check
-
DEP
-
build
and
run
tests
for
specified
dependency

Commit message:

servo: Merge #1043 - Misc small bug fixes (from kmcallister:misc); r=larsbergstrom
Source-Repo: https://github.com/servo/servo
Source-Revision: 72b3c8c3172d88f4a6014ad6d69f82565e8ed94d

UltraBlame original commit: 25e124e7f152c429fc0c2863524eb160d19a4874

servo/README.md, after:

The
Servo
Parallel
Browser
Project
Servo
is
a
prototype
web
browser
engine
written
in
the
[
Rust
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
rust
)
language
.
It
is
currently
developed
on
64bit
OS
X
and
64bit
Linux
.
Servo
welcomes
contribution
from
everyone
.
See
[
CONTRIBUTING
.
md
]
(
CONTRIBUTING
.
md
)
for
help
getting
started
.
#
#
Prerequisites
On
OS
X
(
homebrew
)
:
sh
brew
install
https
:
/
/
raw
.
github
.
com
/
Homebrew
/
homebrew
-
versions
/
master
/
autoconf213
.
rb
brew
install
automake
libtool
pkg
-
config
On
OS
X
(
MacPorts
)
:
sh
sudo
port
install
autoconf213
On
Debian
-
based
Linuxes
:
sh
sudo
apt
-
get
install
autoconf2
.
13
curl
freeglut3
-
dev
libtool
\
libfreetype6
-
dev
libfontconfig1
-
dev
libgl1
-
mesa
-
dri
libglib2
.
0
-
dev
\
xorg
-
dev
msttcorefonts
On
Debian
-
based
Linuxes
(
cross
-
compilation
for
Android
)
:
sh
sudo
apt
-
get
install
autoconf2
.
13
curl
libtool
ia32
-
libs
And
it
needs
pre
-
installed
Android
tools
.
See
wiki
for
[
details
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
/
wiki
/
Doc
-
building
-
for
-
android
)
Servo
builds
its
own
copy
of
Rust
so
there
is
no
need
to
provide
a
Rust
compiler
.
#
#
Building
Servo
cannot
be
built
in
-
tree
;
you
must
create
a
directory
in
which
to
run
configure
and
make
and
place
the
build
artifacts
.
sh
git
clone
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
.
git
cd
servo
mkdir
-
p
build
&
&
cd
build
.
.
/
configure
make
&
&
make
check
.
/
servo
.
.
/
src
/
test
/
html
/
about
-
mozilla
.
html
#
#
#
Building
for
Android
target
sh
git
clone
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
servo
.
git
cd
servo
mkdir
-
p
build
&
&
cd
build
.
.
/
configure
-
-
target
-
triples
=
arm
-
linux
-
androideabi
-
-
android
-
cross
-
path
=
<
Android
toolchain
path
>
-
-
android
-
ndk
-
path
=
<
Android
NDK
path
>
-
-
android
-
sdk
-
path
=
<
Android
SDK
path
>
make
#
#
Running
#
#
#
Commandline
Arguments
-
-
p
INTERVAL
turns
on
the
profiler
and
dumps
info
to
the
console
every
INTERVAL
seconds
-
-
s
SIZE
sets
the
tile
size
for
rendering
;
defaults
to
512
#
#
#
Keyboard
Shortcuts
-
Ctrl
-
L
opens
a
dialog
to
browse
to
a
new
URL
(
Mac
only
currently
)
-
Ctrl
-
-
zooms
out
-
Ctrl
-
=
zooms
in
-
Backspace
goes
backwards
in
the
history
-
Shift
-
Backspace
goes
forwards
in
the
history
-
Esc
exits
servo
#
#
Developing
There
are
lots
of
make
targets
you
can
use
:
-
make
clean
-
cleans
Servo
and
its
dependencies
but
not
Rust
-
make
clean
-
rust
-
cleans
Rust
-
make
clean
-
servo
-
only
cleans
Servo
itself
(
code
in
src
/
components
-
make
clean
-
DEP
-
cleans
the
dependency
DEP
.
e
.
g
.
make
clean
-
rust
-
opengles
-
make
bindings
-
generate
the
Rust
WebIDL
bindings
-
make
DEP
-
builds
only
the
specified
dependency
.
e
.
g
.
make
rust
-
opengles
-
make
check
-
DEP
-
build
and
run
tests
for
specified
dependency
