browser/docs/BrowserUsageTelemetry.rst, before:

.
.
_browserusagetelemetry
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Browser
Usage
Telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
BrowserUsageTelemetry
.
jsm
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
modules
/
BrowserUsageTelemetry
.
jsm
>
_
module
is
the
main
module
for
measurements
regarding
the
browser
usage
(
e
.
g
.
tab
and
window
counts
search
counts
.
.
.
)
.
The
measurements
recording
begins
right
after
the
SessionStore
has
finished
restoring
the
session
(
i
.
e
.
restoring
tabs
/
windows
after
Firefox
starts
)
.
Search
telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
module
exposes
the
recordSearch
method
which
serves
as
the
main
entry
point
for
recording
search
related
Telemetry
.
It
records
only
the
search
*
counts
*
per
engine
and
the
origin
of
the
search
but
nothing
pertaining
the
search
contents
themselves
.
As
the
transition
to
the
BrowserUsageTelemetry
happens
the
recordSearch
calls
are
dispatched
through
BrowserSearch
.
recordSearchInTelemetry
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
rev
/
1a973762afcbc5066f73f1508b0c846872fe3952
/
browser
/
base
/
content
/
browser
.
js
#
4498
>
_
that
is
called
by
all
the
search
related
UI
components
(
urlbar
searchbar
context
menu
and
about
\
:
\
*
pages
)
.
A
list
of
the
components
recording
search
Telemetry
can
be
found
using
the
following
Searchfox
search
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
recordSearchInTelemetry
>
_
.
Tab
and
window
interactions
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
usage
telemetry
module
currently
measures
these
interactions
with
the
browser
'
s
tabs
and
windows
:
-
*
tab
and
window
engagement
*
:
counts
the
number
of
non
-
private
tabs
and
windows
opened
in
a
subsession
after
the
session
is
restored
(
see
e
.
g
.
browser
.
engagement
.
max_concurrent_tab_count
)
;
-
*
URI
loads
*
:
counts
the
number
of
page
loads
(
doesn
'
t
track
and
send
the
addresses
just
the
counts
)
directly
triggered
by
the
users
(
see
browser
.
engagement
.
total_uri_count
)
;
-
*
navigation
events
*
:
at
this
time
this
only
counts
the
number
of
time
a
page
load
is
triggered
by
a
particular
UI
interaction
(
e
.
g
.
by
searching
through
the
URL
bar
see
browser
.
engagement
.
navigation
.
urlbar
)
.
Please
see
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
for
the
full
list
of
tracked
interactions
.
Customizable
UI
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
telemetry
records
information
about
the
positions
of
toolbar
items
and
when
the
user
interacts
with
them
.
It
is
submitted
as
scalar
values
along
with
the
normal
telemetry
ping
.
There
are
a
number
of
different
parts
to
this
telemetry
:
UI
Areas
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
the
purposes
of
this
telemetry
a
set
of
areas
are
defined
:
*
In
the
main
browser
UI
:
*
menu
-
bar
-
The
main
menu
.
*
menu
-
toolbar
-
The
normally
hidden
toolbar
that
holds
the
main
menu
.
*
drag
-
space
-
The
optional
drag
space
.
*
titlebar
-
The
optional
title
bar
.
*
tabs
-
bar
-
The
area
where
tabs
are
displayed
.
*
bookmarks
-
bar
-
The
bookmarks
toolbar
.
*
app
-
menu
-
The
main
application
(
hamburger
)
menu
.
*
tabs
-
context
-
The
context
menu
shown
from
right
-
clicking
a
tab
.
*
content
-
context
-
The
context
menu
shown
from
right
-
clicking
the
web
page
.
*
widget
-
overflow
-
list
-
Items
that
have
overflowed
the
available
space
.
*
pinned
-
overflow
-
menu
-
Items
that
the
user
has
pinned
to
the
toolbar
overflow
menu
.
*
pageaction
-
urlbar
-
Page
actions
buttons
in
the
address
bar
.
*
pageaction
-
panel
-
The
page
action
(
meatball
)
menu
.
*
nav
-
bar
-
start
-
The
area
of
the
navigation
toolbar
before
the
address
bar
.
*
nav
-
bar
-
end
-
The
area
of
the
navigastion
toolbar
after
the
address
bar
.
*
In
about
:
preferences
the
different
cagtegories
are
used
:
*
preferences
-
paneGeneral
*
preferences
-
paneHome
*
preferences
-
panePrivacy
*
preferences
-
paneSearch
*
preferences
-
paneSearchResults
*
preferences
-
paneSync
*
preferences
-
paneContainers
Widget
Identifiers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
uniquely
identify
a
visual
element
a
set
of
heuristics
are
used
:
#
.
If
the
element
is
one
of
the
customizable
toolbar
items
then
that
item
'
s
ID
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
has
an
ID
set
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
'
s
class
contains
one
of
bookmark
-
item
tab
-
icon
-
sound
or
tab
-
close
-
button
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
has
a
preference
key
command
observes
or
data
-
l10n
-
id
attribute
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
there
is
still
no
identifier
then
this
is
repeated
for
the
DOM
element
'
s
parent
element
.
Widget
Locations
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
keyed
scalar
browser
.
ui
.
toolbar_widgets
records
the
position
of
widgets
in
the
UI
.
At
startup
the
positions
of
widgets
are
collected
and
recorded
by
setting
the
scalar
key
<
widget
id
>
_pinned_
<
area
>
to
true
.
The
widget
ID
are
the
IDs
of
the
elements
in
the
DOM
.
The
area
is
one
of
the
areas
listed
above
from
the
browser
UI
that
can
be
customised
.
For
the
areas
that
can
be
controlled
the
scalar
keys
<
area
>
_
<
off
/
on
>
are
set
.
Widget
Customization
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
scalar
browser
.
ui
.
customized_widgets
records
whenever
the
user
moves
a
widget
around
the
toolbars
or
shows
or
hides
some
of
the
areas
.
When
a
change
occurs
the
scalar
with
the
key
<
widget
id
>
_
<
action
>
_
<
old
area
>
_
<
new
area
>
_
<
reason
>
is
incremented
.
The
action
can
be
one
of
move
add
or
remove
.
Old
area
and
new
area
are
the
previous
and
now
locations
of
the
widget
.
In
the
case
of
add
or
remove
actions
one
of
the
areas
will
be
na
.
For
areas
that
can
be
shown
or
hidden
the
areas
will
be
off
or
on
.
The
reason
is
a
simple
string
that
indicates
what
caused
the
move
to
happen
(
drag
context
menu
etc
.
)
.
UI
Interactions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
scalars
browser
.
ui
.
interaction
.
<
area
>
record
how
often
the
use
interacts
with
the
browser
.
The
area
is
one
of
those
above
with
the
addition
of
keyboard
for
keyboard
shortcuts
.
When
an
interaction
occurs
the
widget
'
s
identifier
is
used
as
the
key
and
the
scalar
is
incremented
.
If
the
widget
is
provided
by
an
add
-
on
then
the
add
-
on
identifier
is
dropped
and
an
identifier
of
the
form
addonX
is
used
where
X
is
a
number
.
The
number
used
is
stable
for
a
single
session
.
Everytime
the
user
moves
or
interacts
with
an
add
-
on
the
same
number
is
used
but
then
the
numbers
for
each
add
-
on
may
change
after
Firefox
has
been
restarted
.
Profile
Count
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
scalar
browser
.
engagement
.
profile_count
records
how
many
profiles
have
been
used
by
the
current
Firefox
installation
.
It
reports
a
bucketed
result
which
will
be
0
if
there
is
an
error
.
The
raw
value
will
be
reported
for
1
-
10
but
above
that
it
will
report
10
for
10
-
99
100
for
100
-
999
1000
for
1000
-
9999
and
10000
for
any
values
greater
than
that
.
The
profile
count
data
for
an
installation
is
stored
in
the
root
of
the
update
directory
in
a
file
called
profile_count_
<
install
hash
>
.
json
.
The
full
path
to
the
file
will
typically
look
something
like
C
:
\
ProgramData
\
Mozilla
\
profile_count_5A9E6E2F272F7AA0
.
json
.
This
value
is
meant
to
be
resilient
to
re
-
installation
so
that
file
will
not
be
removed
when
Firefox
is
uninstalled
.

Commit message:

Bug 1665391 - Add telemetry to measure effectiveness of 2h2020 bookmarks changes. r=Gijs
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D97251

UltraBlame original commit: 2db51a17d69cf1649a6871734e9b903532e4cb61

browser/docs/BrowserUsageTelemetry.rst, after:

.
.
_browserusagetelemetry
:
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Browser
Usage
Telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
BrowserUsageTelemetry
.
jsm
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
browser
/
modules
/
BrowserUsageTelemetry
.
jsm
>
_
module
is
the
main
module
for
measurements
regarding
the
browser
usage
(
e
.
g
.
tab
and
window
counts
search
counts
.
.
.
)
.
The
measurements
recording
begins
right
after
the
SessionStore
has
finished
restoring
the
session
(
i
.
e
.
restoring
tabs
/
windows
after
Firefox
starts
)
.
Search
telemetry
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
module
exposes
the
recordSearch
method
which
serves
as
the
main
entry
point
for
recording
search
related
Telemetry
.
It
records
only
the
search
*
counts
*
per
engine
and
the
origin
of
the
search
but
nothing
pertaining
the
search
contents
themselves
.
As
the
transition
to
the
BrowserUsageTelemetry
happens
the
recordSearch
calls
are
dispatched
through
BrowserSearch
.
recordSearchInTelemetry
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
rev
/
1a973762afcbc5066f73f1508b0c846872fe3952
/
browser
/
base
/
content
/
browser
.
js
#
4498
>
_
that
is
called
by
all
the
search
related
UI
components
(
urlbar
searchbar
context
menu
and
about
\
:
\
*
pages
)
.
A
list
of
the
components
recording
search
Telemetry
can
be
found
using
the
following
Searchfox
search
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
search
?
q
=
recordSearchInTelemetry
>
_
.
Tab
and
window
interactions
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
usage
telemetry
module
currently
measures
these
interactions
with
the
browser
'
s
tabs
and
windows
:
-
*
tab
and
window
engagement
*
:
counts
the
number
of
non
-
private
tabs
and
windows
opened
in
a
subsession
after
the
session
is
restored
(
see
e
.
g
.
browser
.
engagement
.
max_concurrent_tab_count
)
;
-
*
URI
loads
*
:
counts
the
number
of
page
loads
(
doesn
'
t
track
and
send
the
addresses
just
the
counts
)
directly
triggered
by
the
users
(
see
browser
.
engagement
.
total_uri_count
)
;
-
*
navigation
events
*
:
at
this
time
this
only
counts
the
number
of
time
a
page
load
is
triggered
by
a
particular
UI
interaction
(
e
.
g
.
by
searching
through
the
URL
bar
see
browser
.
engagement
.
navigation
.
urlbar
)
.
Please
see
Scalars
.
yaml
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
toolkit
/
components
/
telemetry
/
Scalars
.
yaml
>
_
for
the
full
list
of
tracked
interactions
.
Customizable
UI
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
telemetry
records
information
about
the
positions
of
toolbar
items
and
when
the
user
interacts
with
them
.
It
is
submitted
as
scalar
values
along
with
the
normal
telemetry
ping
.
There
are
a
number
of
different
parts
to
this
telemetry
:
UI
Areas
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
For
the
purposes
of
this
telemetry
a
set
of
areas
are
defined
:
*
In
the
main
browser
UI
:
*
menu
-
bar
-
The
main
menu
.
*
menu
-
toolbar
-
The
normally
hidden
toolbar
that
holds
the
main
menu
.
*
drag
-
space
-
The
optional
drag
space
.
*
titlebar
-
The
optional
title
bar
.
*
tabs
-
bar
-
The
area
where
tabs
are
displayed
.
*
bookmarks
-
bar
-
The
bookmarks
toolbar
.
*
app
-
menu
-
The
main
application
(
hamburger
)
menu
.
*
tabs
-
context
-
The
context
menu
shown
from
right
-
clicking
a
tab
.
*
content
-
context
-
The
context
menu
shown
from
right
-
clicking
the
web
page
.
*
widget
-
overflow
-
list
-
Items
that
have
overflowed
the
available
space
.
*
pinned
-
overflow
-
menu
-
Items
that
the
user
has
pinned
to
the
toolbar
overflow
menu
.
*
pageaction
-
urlbar
-
Page
actions
buttons
in
the
address
bar
.
*
pageaction
-
panel
-
The
page
action
(
meatball
)
menu
.
*
nav
-
bar
-
start
-
The
area
of
the
navigation
toolbar
before
the
address
bar
.
*
nav
-
bar
-
end
-
The
area
of
the
navigastion
toolbar
after
the
address
bar
.
*
In
about
:
preferences
the
different
cagtegories
are
used
:
*
preferences
-
paneGeneral
*
preferences
-
paneHome
*
preferences
-
panePrivacy
*
preferences
-
paneSearch
*
preferences
-
paneSearchResults
*
preferences
-
paneSync
*
preferences
-
paneContainers
Widget
Identifiers
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
uniquely
identify
a
visual
element
a
set
of
heuristics
are
used
:
#
.
If
the
element
is
one
of
the
customizable
toolbar
items
then
that
item
'
s
ID
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
has
an
ID
set
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
'
s
class
contains
one
of
bookmark
-
item
tab
-
icon
-
sound
or
tab
-
close
-
button
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
the
DOM
element
has
a
preference
key
command
observes
or
data
-
l10n
-
id
attribute
then
that
is
used
.
#
.
If
there
is
still
no
identifier
then
this
is
repeated
for
the
DOM
element
'
s
parent
element
.
Widget
Locations
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
keyed
scalar
browser
.
ui
.
toolbar_widgets
records
the
position
of
widgets
in
the
UI
.
At
startup
the
positions
of
widgets
are
collected
and
recorded
by
setting
the
scalar
key
<
widget
id
>
_pinned_
<
area
>
to
true
.
The
widget
ID
are
the
IDs
of
the
elements
in
the
DOM
.
The
area
is
one
of
the
areas
listed
above
from
the
browser
UI
that
can
be
customised
.
For
the
areas
that
can
be
controlled
the
scalar
keys
<
area
>
_
<
off
/
on
/
newtab
>
are
set
.
newtab
is
special
to
the
Bookmarks
Toolbar
and
is
used
when
the
toolbar
will
only
be
shown
on
the
New
Tab
page
.
Widget
Customization
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
scalar
browser
.
ui
.
customized_widgets
records
whenever
the
user
moves
a
widget
around
the
toolbars
or
shows
or
hides
some
of
the
areas
.
When
a
change
occurs
the
scalar
with
the
key
<
widget
id
>
_
<
action
>
_
<
old
area
>
_
<
new
area
>
_
<
reason
>
is
incremented
.
The
action
can
be
one
of
move
add
or
remove
.
Old
area
and
new
area
are
the
previous
and
now
locations
of
the
widget
.
In
the
case
of
add
or
remove
actions
one
of
the
areas
will
be
na
.
For
areas
that
can
be
shown
or
hidden
the
areas
will
be
off
or
on
.
The
reason
is
a
simple
string
that
indicates
what
caused
the
move
to
happen
(
drag
context
menu
etc
.
)
.
UI
Interactions
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
scalars
browser
.
ui
.
interaction
.
<
area
>
record
how
often
the
use
interacts
with
the
browser
.
The
area
is
one
of
those
above
with
the
addition
of
keyboard
for
keyboard
shortcuts
.
When
an
interaction
occurs
the
widget
'
s
identifier
is
used
as
the
key
and
the
scalar
is
incremented
.
If
the
widget
is
provided
by
an
add
-
on
then
the
add
-
on
identifier
is
dropped
and
an
identifier
of
the
form
addonX
is
used
where
X
is
a
number
.
The
number
used
is
stable
for
a
single
session
.
Everytime
the
user
moves
or
interacts
with
an
add
-
on
the
same
number
is
used
but
then
the
numbers
for
each
add
-
on
may
change
after
Firefox
has
been
restarted
.
Profile
Count
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
scalar
browser
.
engagement
.
profile_count
records
how
many
profiles
have
been
used
by
the
current
Firefox
installation
.
It
reports
a
bucketed
result
which
will
be
0
if
there
is
an
error
.
The
raw
value
will
be
reported
for
1
-
10
but
above
that
it
will
report
10
for
10
-
99
100
for
100
-
999
1000
for
1000
-
9999
and
10000
for
any
values
greater
than
that
.
The
profile
count
data
for
an
installation
is
stored
in
the
root
of
the
update
directory
in
a
file
called
profile_count_
<
install
hash
>
.
json
.
The
full
path
to
the
file
will
typically
look
something
like
C
:
\
ProgramData
\
Mozilla
\
profile_count_5A9E6E2F272F7AA0
.
json
.
This
value
is
meant
to
be
resilient
to
re
-
installation
so
that
file
will
not
be
removed
when
Firefox
is
uninstalled
.
