toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/data/crash-ping.rst, before:

Crash
ping
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
ping
is
captured
after
the
main
Firefox
process
crashes
or
after
a
child
process
process
crashes
whether
or
not
the
crash
report
is
submitted
to
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
.
It
includes
non
-
identifying
metadata
about
the
crash
.
This
ping
is
sent
either
by
the
CrashManager
or
by
the
crash
reporter
client
.
The
CrashManager
is
responsible
for
sending
crash
pings
for
the
child
processes
crashes
which
are
sent
right
after
the
crash
is
detected
as
well
as
for
main
process
crashes
which
are
sent
after
Firefox
restarts
successfully
.
The
crash
reporter
client
sends
crash
pings
only
for
main
process
crashes
whether
or
not
the
user
also
reports
the
crash
.
The
crash
reporter
client
will
not
send
the
crash
ping
if
telemetry
has
been
disabled
in
Firefox
.
The
environment
block
that
is
sent
with
this
ping
varies
:
if
Firefox
was
running
long
enough
to
record
the
environment
block
before
the
crash
then
the
environment
at
the
time
of
the
crash
will
be
recorded
and
hasCrashEnvironment
will
be
true
.
If
Firefox
crashed
before
the
environment
was
recorded
hasCrashEnvironment
will
be
false
and
the
recorded
environment
will
be
the
environment
at
time
of
submission
.
The
client
ID
is
submitted
with
this
ping
.
The
metadata
field
holds
a
subset
of
the
crash
annotations
all
field
values
are
stored
as
strings
but
some
may
be
interpreted
either
as
numbers
or
boolean
values
.
Numbers
are
integral
unless
stated
otherwise
in
the
description
.
Boolean
values
are
set
to
"
1
"
when
true
"
0
"
when
false
.
If
they
'
re
absent
then
they
should
be
interpreted
as
false
.
Structure
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
type
:
"
crash
"
.
.
.
common
ping
data
clientId
:
<
UUID
>
environment
:
{
.
.
.
}
payload
:
{
crashDate
:
"
YYYY
-
MM
-
DD
"
crashTime
:
<
ISO
Date
>
/
/
per
-
hour
resolution
version
:
1
sessionId
:
<
UUID
>
/
/
Telemetry
ID
of
crashing
session
.
May
be
missing
for
crashes
that
happen
early
in
startup
crashId
:
<
UUID
>
/
/
Optional
ID
of
the
associated
crash
minidumpSha256Hash
:
<
hash
>
/
/
SHA256
hash
of
the
minidump
file
processType
:
<
type
>
/
/
Type
of
process
that
crashed
see
below
for
a
list
of
types
stackTraces
:
{
.
.
.
}
/
/
Optional
see
below
metadata
:
{
/
/
Annotations
saved
while
Firefox
was
running
.
See
CrashAnnotations
.
yaml
for
more
information
ProductID
:
"
{
ec8030f7
-
c20a
-
464f
-
9b0e
-
13a3a9e97384
}
"
ProductName
:
"
Firefox
"
ReleaseChannel
:
<
channel
>
Version
:
<
version
number
>
BuildID
:
"
YYYYMMDDHHMMSS
"
AsyncShutdownTimeout
:
<
json
>
/
/
Optional
present
when
a
shutdown
blocker
failed
to
respond
within
a
reasonable
amount
of
time
AvailablePageFile
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
paging
file
in
bytes
AvailablePhysicalMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
physical
memory
in
bytes
AvailableVirtualMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
virtual
memory
in
bytes
BlockedDllList
:
<
list
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
see
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
for
details
BlocklistInitFailed
:
"
1
"
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
the
DLL
blocklist
initialization
failed
CrashTime
:
<
time
>
/
/
Seconds
since
the
Epoch
ContainsMemoryReport
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
the
crash
had
a
memory
report
attached
DOMFissionEnabled
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
a
Fission
window
had
been
opened
EventLoopNestingLevel
:
<
levels
>
/
/
Optional
present
only
if
>
0
indicates
the
nesting
level
of
the
event
-
loop
ExperimentalFeatures
:
<
features
>
/
/
Optional
a
comma
-
separated
string
that
specifies
the
enabled
experimental
features
from
about
:
preferences
#
experimental
ipc_channel_error
:
<
error
string
>
/
/
Optional
contains
the
string
processing
error
reason
for
an
ipc
-
based
content
crash
IsGarbageCollecting
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
the
crash
occurred
while
the
garbage
collector
was
running
LowCommitSpaceEvents
:
<
num
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
>
0
number
of
low
commit
space
events
detected
by
the
available
memory
tracker
MemoryErrorCorrection
:
<
type
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
indicates
the
type
of
ECC
memory
in
use
see
below
MozCrashReason
:
<
reason
>
/
/
Optional
contains
the
string
passed
to
MOZ_CRASH
(
)
OOMAllocationSize
:
<
size
>
/
/
Size
of
the
allocation
that
caused
an
OOM
RemoteType
:
<
type
>
/
/
Optional
type
of
content
process
see
below
for
a
list
of
types
SecondsSinceLastCrash
:
<
duration
>
/
/
Seconds
elapsed
since
the
last
crash
occurred
ShutdownProgress
:
<
phase
>
/
/
Optional
contains
a
string
describing
the
shutdown
phase
in
which
the
crash
occurred
SystemMemoryUsePercentage
:
<
percentage
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
percent
of
memory
in
use
StartupCrash
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
Firefox
crashed
during
startup
TextureUsage
:
<
usage
>
/
/
Optional
usage
of
texture
memory
in
bytes
TotalPageFile
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
paging
file
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
TotalPhysicalMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
physical
memory
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
TotalVirtualMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
virtual
memory
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
UptimeTS
:
<
duration
>
/
/
Seconds
since
Firefox
was
started
this
can
have
a
fractional
component
User32BeforeBlocklist
:
"
1
"
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
user32
.
dll
was
loaded
before
the
DLL
blocklist
has
been
initialized
MainThreadRunnableName
:
<
name
>
/
/
Optional
Nightly
-
only
name
of
the
currently
executing
nsIRunnable
on
the
main
thread
}
hasCrashEnvironment
:
bool
}
}
.
.
note
:
:
For
"
crash
"
pings
generated
by
the
crashreporter
we
are
deliberately
truncating
the
creationTime
field
to
hours
.
See
bug
1345108
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1345108
>
_
for
context
.
Process
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
processType
field
contains
the
type
of
process
that
crashed
.
There
are
currently
multiple
process
types
defined
in
nsICrashService
but
crash
pings
are
sent
only
for
the
ones
below
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
main
|
Main
process
also
known
as
the
browser
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
content
|
Content
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
gpu
|
GPU
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
vr
|
VR
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
.
.
_remote
-
process
-
types
:
Remote
Process
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
optional
remoteType
field
contains
the
type
of
the
content
process
that
crashed
.
As
such
it
is
present
only
if
processType
contains
the
content
value
.
The
following
content
process
types
are
currently
defined
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
web
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
a
web
page
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
file
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
a
local
file
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
extension
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
an
extension
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Stack
Traces
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
crash
ping
may
contain
a
stackTraces
field
which
has
been
populated
with
stack
traces
for
all
threads
in
the
crashed
process
.
The
format
of
this
field
is
similar
to
the
one
used
by
Socorro
for
representing
a
crash
.
The
main
differences
are
that
redundant
fields
are
not
stored
and
that
the
module
a
frame
belongs
to
is
referenced
by
index
in
the
module
array
rather
than
by
its
file
name
.
Note
that
this
field
does
not
contain
data
from
the
application
;
only
bare
stack
traces
and
module
lists
are
stored
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
status
:
<
string
>
/
/
Status
of
the
analysis
"
OK
"
or
an
error
message
crash_info
:
{
/
/
Basic
crash
information
type
:
<
string
>
/
/
Type
of
crash
SIGSEGV
assertion
etc
.
.
.
address
:
<
addr
>
/
/
Crash
address
crash
hex
format
see
the
notes
below
crashing_thread
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
in
the
thread
array
below
}
main_module
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
of
Firefox
'
executable
in
the
module
list
modules
:
[
{
base_addr
:
<
addr
>
/
/
Base
address
of
the
module
hex
format
end_addr
:
<
addr
>
/
/
End
address
of
the
module
hex
format
code_id
:
<
string
>
/
/
Unique
ID
of
this
module
see
the
notes
below
debug_file
:
<
string
>
/
/
Name
of
the
file
holding
the
debug
information
debug_id
:
<
string
>
/
/
ID
or
hash
of
the
debug
information
file
filename
:
<
string
>
/
/
File
name
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
Library
/
executable
version
}
.
.
.
/
/
List
of
modules
ordered
by
base
memory
address
]
threads
:
[
{
/
/
Stack
traces
for
every
thread
frames
:
[
{
module_index
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
of
the
module
this
frame
belongs
to
ip
:
<
ip
>
/
/
Program
counter
hex
format
trust
:
<
string
>
/
/
Trust
of
this
frame
see
the
notes
below
}
.
.
.
/
/
List
of
frames
the
first
frame
is
the
topmost
]
}
]
}
Notes
~
~
~
~
~
Memory
addresses
and
instruction
pointers
are
always
stored
as
strings
in
hexadecimal
format
(
e
.
g
.
"
0x4000
"
)
.
They
can
be
made
of
up
to
16
characters
for
64
-
bit
addresses
.
The
crash
type
is
both
OS
and
CPU
dependent
and
can
be
either
a
descriptive
string
(
e
.
g
.
SIGSEGV
EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION
)
or
a
raw
numeric
value
.
The
crash
address
meaning
depends
on
the
type
of
crash
.
In
a
segmentation
fault
the
crash
address
will
be
the
memory
address
whose
access
caused
the
fault
;
in
a
crash
triggered
by
an
illegal
instruction
exception
the
address
will
be
the
instruction
pointer
where
the
invalid
instruction
resides
.
See
breakpad
<
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
breakpad
/
breakpad
/
+
/
c99d374dde62654a024840accfb357b2851daea0
/
src
/
processor
/
minidump_processor
.
cc
#
675
>
__
'
s
relevant
code
for
further
information
.
Since
it
'
s
not
always
possible
to
establish
with
certainty
the
address
of
the
previous
frame
while
walking
the
stack
every
frame
has
a
trust
value
that
represents
how
it
was
found
and
thus
how
certain
we
are
that
it
'
s
a
real
frame
.
The
trust
levels
are
(
from
least
trusted
to
most
trusted
)
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Trust
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
context
|
Given
as
instruction
pointer
in
a
context
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
prewalked
|
Explicitly
provided
by
some
external
stack
walker
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
cfi
|
Derived
from
call
frame
info
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
frame_pointer
|
Derived
from
frame
pointer
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
cfi_scan
|
Found
while
scanning
stack
using
call
frame
info
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
scan
|
Scanned
the
stack
found
this
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
none
|
Unknown
this
is
most
likely
not
a
valid
frame
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
The
code_id
field
holds
a
unique
ID
used
to
distinguish
between
different
versions
and
builds
of
the
same
module
.
See
breakpad
<
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
breakpad
/
breakpad
/
+
/
24f5931c5e0120982c0cbf1896641e3ef2bdd52f
/
src
/
google_breakpad
/
processor
/
code_module
.
h
#
60
>
__
'
s
description
for
further
information
.
This
field
is
populated
only
on
Windows
.
The
value
of
the
MemoryErrorCorrection
metadata
field
contains
the
type
of
memory
error
correction
available
on
the
machine
it
can
be
one
of
the
following
types
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
Reserved
|
Should
never
be
set
assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Other
|
Assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Unknown
|
Assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
None
|
No
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Parity
|
Single
-
bit
error
detection
no
correction
.
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Single
-
bit
ECC
|
SECDED
ECC
(
single
-
bit
correction
double
-
bit
detection
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Multi
-
bit
ECC
|
Usually
single
-
device
data
correction
(
SDDC
Chipkill
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
CRC
|
Multi
-
device
data
correction
(
DDDC
or
similar
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Version
History
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Firefox
58
:
Added
ipc_channel_error
(
bug
1410143
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1410143
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
62
:
Added
LowCommitSpaceEvents
(
bug
1464773
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1464773
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
63
:
Added
RecordReplayError
(
bug
1481009
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1481009
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
64
:
Added
MemoryErrorCorrection
(
bug
1498609
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1498609
>
_
)
.

Commit message:

Bug 1672369 - Unify handling shutdown timeout of quota clients. r=dom-workers-and-storage-reviewers,ttung,janv
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D94318

UltraBlame original commit: f66a73bdbb68b843aefea8e490e8f66b72c9b370

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/data/crash-ping.rst, after:

Crash
ping
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
ping
is
captured
after
the
main
Firefox
process
crashes
or
after
a
child
process
process
crashes
whether
or
not
the
crash
report
is
submitted
to
crash
-
stats
.
mozilla
.
org
.
It
includes
non
-
identifying
metadata
about
the
crash
.
This
ping
is
sent
either
by
the
CrashManager
or
by
the
crash
reporter
client
.
The
CrashManager
is
responsible
for
sending
crash
pings
for
the
child
processes
crashes
which
are
sent
right
after
the
crash
is
detected
as
well
as
for
main
process
crashes
which
are
sent
after
Firefox
restarts
successfully
.
The
crash
reporter
client
sends
crash
pings
only
for
main
process
crashes
whether
or
not
the
user
also
reports
the
crash
.
The
crash
reporter
client
will
not
send
the
crash
ping
if
telemetry
has
been
disabled
in
Firefox
.
The
environment
block
that
is
sent
with
this
ping
varies
:
if
Firefox
was
running
long
enough
to
record
the
environment
block
before
the
crash
then
the
environment
at
the
time
of
the
crash
will
be
recorded
and
hasCrashEnvironment
will
be
true
.
If
Firefox
crashed
before
the
environment
was
recorded
hasCrashEnvironment
will
be
false
and
the
recorded
environment
will
be
the
environment
at
time
of
submission
.
The
client
ID
is
submitted
with
this
ping
.
The
metadata
field
holds
a
subset
of
the
crash
annotations
all
field
values
are
stored
as
strings
but
some
may
be
interpreted
either
as
numbers
or
boolean
values
.
Numbers
are
integral
unless
stated
otherwise
in
the
description
.
Boolean
values
are
set
to
"
1
"
when
true
"
0
"
when
false
.
If
they
'
re
absent
then
they
should
be
interpreted
as
false
.
Structure
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
type
:
"
crash
"
.
.
.
common
ping
data
clientId
:
<
UUID
>
environment
:
{
.
.
.
}
payload
:
{
crashDate
:
"
YYYY
-
MM
-
DD
"
crashTime
:
<
ISO
Date
>
/
/
per
-
hour
resolution
version
:
1
sessionId
:
<
UUID
>
/
/
Telemetry
ID
of
crashing
session
.
May
be
missing
for
crashes
that
happen
early
in
startup
crashId
:
<
UUID
>
/
/
Optional
ID
of
the
associated
crash
minidumpSha256Hash
:
<
hash
>
/
/
SHA256
hash
of
the
minidump
file
processType
:
<
type
>
/
/
Type
of
process
that
crashed
see
below
for
a
list
of
types
stackTraces
:
{
.
.
.
}
/
/
Optional
see
below
metadata
:
{
/
/
Annotations
saved
while
Firefox
was
running
.
See
CrashAnnotations
.
yaml
for
more
information
ProductID
:
"
{
ec8030f7
-
c20a
-
464f
-
9b0e
-
13a3a9e97384
}
"
ProductName
:
"
Firefox
"
ReleaseChannel
:
<
channel
>
Version
:
<
version
number
>
BuildID
:
"
YYYYMMDDHHMMSS
"
AsyncShutdownTimeout
:
<
json
>
/
/
Optional
present
when
a
shutdown
blocker
failed
to
respond
within
a
reasonable
amount
of
time
AvailablePageFile
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
paging
file
in
bytes
AvailablePhysicalMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
physical
memory
in
bytes
AvailableVirtualMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
available
virtual
memory
in
bytes
BlockedDllList
:
<
list
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
see
WindowsDllBlocklist
.
cpp
for
details
BlocklistInitFailed
:
"
1
"
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
the
DLL
blocklist
initialization
failed
CrashTime
:
<
time
>
/
/
Seconds
since
the
Epoch
ContainsMemoryReport
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
the
crash
had
a
memory
report
attached
DOMFissionEnabled
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
a
Fission
window
had
been
opened
EventLoopNestingLevel
:
<
levels
>
/
/
Optional
present
only
if
>
0
indicates
the
nesting
level
of
the
event
-
loop
ExperimentalFeatures
:
<
features
>
/
/
Optional
a
comma
-
separated
string
that
specifies
the
enabled
experimental
features
from
about
:
preferences
#
experimental
ipc_channel_error
:
<
error
string
>
/
/
Optional
contains
the
string
processing
error
reason
for
an
ipc
-
based
content
crash
IsGarbageCollecting
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
the
crash
occurred
while
the
garbage
collector
was
running
LowCommitSpaceEvents
:
<
num
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
>
0
number
of
low
commit
space
events
detected
by
the
available
memory
tracker
MemoryErrorCorrection
:
<
type
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
indicates
the
type
of
ECC
memory
in
use
see
below
MozCrashReason
:
<
reason
>
/
/
Optional
contains
the
string
passed
to
MOZ_CRASH
(
)
OOMAllocationSize
:
<
size
>
/
/
Size
of
the
allocation
that
caused
an
OOM
QuotaManagerShutdownTimeout
:
<
log
-
string
>
/
/
Optional
contains
a
list
of
shutdown
steps
and
status
of
the
quota
manager
clients
RemoteType
:
<
type
>
/
/
Optional
type
of
content
process
see
below
for
a
list
of
types
SecondsSinceLastCrash
:
<
duration
>
/
/
Seconds
elapsed
since
the
last
crash
occurred
ShutdownProgress
:
<
phase
>
/
/
Optional
contains
a
string
describing
the
shutdown
phase
in
which
the
crash
occurred
SystemMemoryUsePercentage
:
<
percentage
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
percent
of
memory
in
use
StartupCrash
:
"
1
"
/
/
Optional
if
set
indicates
that
Firefox
crashed
during
startup
TextureUsage
:
<
usage
>
/
/
Optional
usage
of
texture
memory
in
bytes
TotalPageFile
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
paging
file
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
TotalPhysicalMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
physical
memory
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
TotalVirtualMemory
:
<
size
>
/
/
Windows
-
only
virtual
memory
in
use
expressed
in
bytes
UptimeTS
:
<
duration
>
/
/
Seconds
since
Firefox
was
started
this
can
have
a
fractional
component
User32BeforeBlocklist
:
"
1
"
/
/
Windows
-
only
present
only
if
user32
.
dll
was
loaded
before
the
DLL
blocklist
has
been
initialized
MainThreadRunnableName
:
<
name
>
/
/
Optional
Nightly
-
only
name
of
the
currently
executing
nsIRunnable
on
the
main
thread
}
hasCrashEnvironment
:
bool
}
}
.
.
note
:
:
For
"
crash
"
pings
generated
by
the
crashreporter
we
are
deliberately
truncating
the
creationTime
field
to
hours
.
See
bug
1345108
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1345108
>
_
for
context
.
Process
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
processType
field
contains
the
type
of
process
that
crashed
.
There
are
currently
multiple
process
types
defined
in
nsICrashService
but
crash
pings
are
sent
only
for
the
ones
below
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
main
|
Main
process
also
known
as
the
browser
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
content
|
Content
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
gpu
|
GPU
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
vr
|
VR
process
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
.
.
_remote
-
process
-
types
:
Remote
Process
Types
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
optional
remoteType
field
contains
the
type
of
the
content
process
that
crashed
.
As
such
it
is
present
only
if
processType
contains
the
content
value
.
The
following
content
process
types
are
currently
defined
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
web
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
a
web
page
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
file
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
a
local
file
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
extension
|
The
content
process
was
running
code
from
an
extension
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Stack
Traces
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
crash
ping
may
contain
a
stackTraces
field
which
has
been
populated
with
stack
traces
for
all
threads
in
the
crashed
process
.
The
format
of
this
field
is
similar
to
the
one
used
by
Socorro
for
representing
a
crash
.
The
main
differences
are
that
redundant
fields
are
not
stored
and
that
the
module
a
frame
belongs
to
is
referenced
by
index
in
the
module
array
rather
than
by
its
file
name
.
Note
that
this
field
does
not
contain
data
from
the
application
;
only
bare
stack
traces
and
module
lists
are
stored
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
js
{
status
:
<
string
>
/
/
Status
of
the
analysis
"
OK
"
or
an
error
message
crash_info
:
{
/
/
Basic
crash
information
type
:
<
string
>
/
/
Type
of
crash
SIGSEGV
assertion
etc
.
.
.
address
:
<
addr
>
/
/
Crash
address
crash
hex
format
see
the
notes
below
crashing_thread
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
in
the
thread
array
below
}
main_module
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
of
Firefox
'
executable
in
the
module
list
modules
:
[
{
base_addr
:
<
addr
>
/
/
Base
address
of
the
module
hex
format
end_addr
:
<
addr
>
/
/
End
address
of
the
module
hex
format
code_id
:
<
string
>
/
/
Unique
ID
of
this
module
see
the
notes
below
debug_file
:
<
string
>
/
/
Name
of
the
file
holding
the
debug
information
debug_id
:
<
string
>
/
/
ID
or
hash
of
the
debug
information
file
filename
:
<
string
>
/
/
File
name
version
:
<
string
>
/
/
Library
/
executable
version
}
.
.
.
/
/
List
of
modules
ordered
by
base
memory
address
]
threads
:
[
{
/
/
Stack
traces
for
every
thread
frames
:
[
{
module_index
:
<
index
>
/
/
Index
of
the
module
this
frame
belongs
to
ip
:
<
ip
>
/
/
Program
counter
hex
format
trust
:
<
string
>
/
/
Trust
of
this
frame
see
the
notes
below
}
.
.
.
/
/
List
of
frames
the
first
frame
is
the
topmost
]
}
]
}
Notes
~
~
~
~
~
Memory
addresses
and
instruction
pointers
are
always
stored
as
strings
in
hexadecimal
format
(
e
.
g
.
"
0x4000
"
)
.
They
can
be
made
of
up
to
16
characters
for
64
-
bit
addresses
.
The
crash
type
is
both
OS
and
CPU
dependent
and
can
be
either
a
descriptive
string
(
e
.
g
.
SIGSEGV
EXCEPTION_ACCESS_VIOLATION
)
or
a
raw
numeric
value
.
The
crash
address
meaning
depends
on
the
type
of
crash
.
In
a
segmentation
fault
the
crash
address
will
be
the
memory
address
whose
access
caused
the
fault
;
in
a
crash
triggered
by
an
illegal
instruction
exception
the
address
will
be
the
instruction
pointer
where
the
invalid
instruction
resides
.
See
breakpad
<
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
breakpad
/
breakpad
/
+
/
c99d374dde62654a024840accfb357b2851daea0
/
src
/
processor
/
minidump_processor
.
cc
#
675
>
__
'
s
relevant
code
for
further
information
.
Since
it
'
s
not
always
possible
to
establish
with
certainty
the
address
of
the
previous
frame
while
walking
the
stack
every
frame
has
a
trust
value
that
represents
how
it
was
found
and
thus
how
certain
we
are
that
it
'
s
a
real
frame
.
The
trust
levels
are
(
from
least
trusted
to
most
trusted
)
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Trust
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
context
|
Given
as
instruction
pointer
in
a
context
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
prewalked
|
Explicitly
provided
by
some
external
stack
walker
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
cfi
|
Derived
from
call
frame
info
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
frame_pointer
|
Derived
from
frame
pointer
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
cfi_scan
|
Found
while
scanning
stack
using
call
frame
info
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
scan
|
Scanned
the
stack
found
this
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
none
|
Unknown
this
is
most
likely
not
a
valid
frame
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
The
code_id
field
holds
a
unique
ID
used
to
distinguish
between
different
versions
and
builds
of
the
same
module
.
See
breakpad
<
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
breakpad
/
breakpad
/
+
/
24f5931c5e0120982c0cbf1896641e3ef2bdd52f
/
src
/
google_breakpad
/
processor
/
code_module
.
h
#
60
>
__
'
s
description
for
further
information
.
This
field
is
populated
only
on
Windows
.
The
value
of
the
MemoryErrorCorrection
metadata
field
contains
the
type
of
memory
error
correction
available
on
the
machine
it
can
be
one
of
the
following
types
:
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Type
|
Description
|
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
+
|
Reserved
|
Should
never
be
set
assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Other
|
Assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Unknown
|
Assume
no
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
None
|
No
error
correction
available
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Parity
|
Single
-
bit
error
detection
no
correction
.
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Single
-
bit
ECC
|
SECDED
ECC
(
single
-
bit
correction
double
-
bit
detection
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
Multi
-
bit
ECC
|
Usually
single
-
device
data
correction
(
SDDC
Chipkill
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
|
CRC
|
Multi
-
device
data
correction
(
DDDC
or
similar
)
|
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
+
Version
History
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Firefox
58
:
Added
ipc_channel_error
(
bug
1410143
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1410143
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
62
:
Added
LowCommitSpaceEvents
(
bug
1464773
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1464773
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
63
:
Added
RecordReplayError
(
bug
1481009
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1481009
>
_
)
.
-
Firefox
64
:
Added
MemoryErrorCorrection
(
bug
1498609
<
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
1498609
>
_
)
.
