browser/components/newtab/docs/v2-system-addon/about_home_startup_cache.md, before:

#
The
about
:
home
startup
cache
By
default
a
user
'
s
browser
session
starts
with
a
single
window
and
a
single
tab
pointed
at
about
:
home
.
This
means
that
it
'
s
important
to
ensure
that
about
:
home
loads
as
quickly
as
possible
to
provide
a
fast
overall
startup
experience
.
about
:
home
which
is
functionally
identical
to
about
:
newtab
is
generated
dynamically
by
calculating
an
appropriate
state
object
in
the
parent
process
and
passing
it
down
to
a
content
process
into
the
React
library
in
order
to
render
the
final
interactive
page
.
This
is
problematic
during
the
startup
sequence
as
calculating
that
initial
state
can
be
computationally
expensive
and
requires
multiple
reads
from
the
disk
.
The
about
:
home
startup
cache
is
an
attempt
to
address
this
expense
.
It
works
by
assuming
that
between
browser
sessions
about
:
home
_usually_
doesn
'
t
need
to
change
.
#
#
Components
of
the
about
:
home
startup
cache
mechanism
There
are
3
primary
components
to
the
cache
mechanism
:
#
#
#
The
HTTP
Cache
The
HTTP
cache
is
normally
used
for
caching
webpages
retrieved
over
the
network
but
seemed
like
the
right
fit
for
storage
of
the
about
:
home
cache
as
well
.
The
HTTP
cache
is
usually
queried
by
the
networking
stack
when
browsing
the
web
.
The
HTTP
cache
is
however
not
typically
queried
when
accessing
chrome
:
/
/
or
resource
:
/
/
URLs
so
we
have
to
do
it
ourselves
manually
for
the
about
:
home
case
.
This
means
giving
about
:
home
special
capabilities
for
populating
and
reading
from
the
HTTP
cache
.
In
order
to
avoid
potential
security
issues
this
requires
that
we
sequester
about
:
home
/
about
:
newtab
in
their
own
special
content
process
.
The
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
exists
for
this
purpose
and
is
also
used
for
about
:
logins
and
about
:
certificate
.
The
HTTP
cache
lives
in
the
parent
process
and
so
any
read
and
write
operations
need
to
be
initiated
in
the
parent
process
.
Thankfully
however
the
HTTP
cache
accepts
data
using
nsIOutputStream
and
serves
it
using
nsIInputStream
.
We
can
send
nsIInputStream
over
the
message
manager
and
convert
an
nsIInputStream
into
an
nsIOutputStream
so
we
have
everything
we
need
to
efficiently
communicate
with
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
to
save
and
retrieve
page
data
.
The
official
documentation
for
the
HTTP
cache
[
can
be
found
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
HTTP_cache
)
.
#
#
#
AboutHomeStartupCache
This
singleton
component
lives
inside
of
BrowserGlue
to
avoid
having
to
load
yet
another
JSM
out
of
the
omni
.
ja
file
in
the
parent
process
during
startup
.
AboutHomeStartupCache
is
responsible
for
feeding
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
with
the
nsIInputStream
'
s
that
it
needs
to
present
the
initial
about
:
home
document
.
It
is
also
responsible
for
populating
the
cache
with
updated
versions
of
about
:
home
that
are
sent
by
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
Since
accessing
the
HTTP
cache
is
asynchronous
there
is
an
opportunity
for
a
race
where
the
cache
can
either
be
accessed
and
available
before
the
initial
about
:
home
is
requested
or
after
.
To
accommodate
for
both
cases
the
AboutHomeStartupCache
constructs
nsIPipe
instances
which
it
sends
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
as
soon
as
one
launches
.
If
the
HTTP
cache
entry
is
already
available
when
the
process
launches
and
cached
data
is
available
we
connect
the
cache
to
the
nsIPipe
'
s
to
stream
the
data
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
If
the
HTTP
cache
is
not
yet
available
we
hold
references
to
those
nsIPipe
instances
and
wait
until
the
cache
entry
is
available
.
Only
then
do
we
connect
the
cache
entry
to
the
nsIPipe
instances
to
send
the
data
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
#
#
#
AboutNewTabService
The
AboutNewTabService
is
used
by
the
AboutRedirector
in
both
the
parent
and
content
processes
to
determine
how
to
handle
attempts
to
load
about
:
home
and
about
:
newtab
.
There
are
distinct
versions
of
the
AboutNewTabService
-
one
for
the
parent
process
(
BaseAboutNewTabService
)
and
one
for
content
processes
(
AboutNewTabChildService
which
inherits
from
BaseAboutNewTabService
)
.
The
AboutRedirector
when
running
inside
of
a
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
knows
to
direct
attempts
to
load
about
:
home
to
AboutNewTabChildService
'
s
aboutHomeCacheChannel
method
.
This
method
is
then
responsible
for
choosing
whether
or
not
to
return
an
nsIChannel
for
the
cached
document
or
for
the
dynamically
generated
version
of
about
:
home
.
#
#
#
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
This
singleton
component
lives
inside
of
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
and
is
initialized
as
soon
as
the
message
is
received
from
the
parent
that
includes
the
nsIInputStream
'
s
that
will
be
used
to
potentially
load
from
the
cache
.
When
the
AboutRedirector
in
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
notices
that
a
request
has
been
made
to
about
:
home
it
asks
nsIAboutNewTabService
to
return
a
new
nsIChannel
for
that
document
.
The
AboutNewTabChildService
then
checks
to
see
if
the
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
can
return
an
nsIChannel
for
any
cached
content
.
If
at
this
point
nothing
has
been
streamed
from
the
parent
we
fall
back
to
loading
the
dynamic
about
:
home
document
.
This
might
occur
if
the
cache
doesn
'
t
exist
yet
or
if
we
were
too
slow
to
pull
it
off
of
the
disk
.
The
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
will
also
be
responsible
for
generating
the
cache
periodically
.
Periodically
the
AboutNewTabService
will
send
down
the
most
up
-
to
-
date
state
for
about
:
home
from
the
parent
process
and
then
the
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
will
generate
document
markup
using
ReactDOMServer
within
a
ChromeWorker
.
After
that
'
s
generated
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
will
send
up
nsIInputStream
instances
for
both
the
markup
and
the
script
for
the
initial
page
state
.
The
AboutHomeStartupCache
singleton
inside
of
BrowserGlue
is
responsible
for
receiving
those
nsIInputStream
'
s
and
persisting
them
in
the
HTTP
cache
for
the
next
start
.
#
#
What
is
cached
?
Two
things
are
cached
:
1
.
The
raw
HTML
mark
-
up
of
about
:
home
.
2
.
A
small
chunk
of
JavaScript
that
"
hydrates
"
the
markup
through
the
React
libraries
allowing
the
page
to
become
interactive
after
painting
.
The
JavaScript
being
cached
cannot
be
put
directly
into
the
HTML
mark
-
up
as
inline
script
due
to
the
CSP
of
about
:
home
which
does
not
allow
inline
scripting
.
Instead
we
load
a
script
from
about
:
home
?
jscache
.
This
goes
through
the
same
mechanism
for
retrieving
the
HTML
document
from
the
cache
but
instead
pulls
down
the
cached
script
.
If
the
HTML
mark
-
up
is
cached
then
we
presume
that
the
script
is
also
cached
.
We
cannot
cache
one
and
not
the
other
.
If
only
one
cache
exists
or
only
one
has
been
sent
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
by
the
time
the
about
:
home
document
is
requested
then
we
fallback
to
loading
the
dynamic
about
:
home
document
.
#
#
Refreshing
the
cache
The
cache
is
refreshed
periodically
by
having
ActivityStreamMessageChannel
tell
AboutHomeStartupCache
when
it
has
sent
any
messages
down
to
the
preloaded
about
:
newtab
.
In
general
such
messages
are
a
good
hint
that
something
visual
has
updated
for
the
next
about
:
newtab
and
that
the
cache
should
probably
be
refreshed
.
AboutHomeStartupCache
debounces
notifications
about
such
messages
since
they
tend
to
be
bursty
.
#
#
Invalidating
the
cache
It
'
s
possible
that
the
composition
or
layout
of
about
:
home
will
change
over
time
from
release
to
release
.
When
this
occurs
it
might
be
desirable
to
invalidate
any
pre
-
existing
cache
that
might
exist
for
a
user
so
that
they
don
'
t
see
an
outdated
about
:
home
on
startup
.
To
do
this
we
set
a
version
number
on
the
cache
entry
and
ensure
that
the
version
number
is
equal
to
our
expectations
on
startup
.
If
the
version
number
does
not
match
our
expectation
then
the
cache
is
discarded
and
the
about
:
home
document
will
be
rendered
dynamically
.
The
version
number
is
statically
defined
inside
of
AboutHomeStartupCache
.
Simply
increase
that
number
to
invalidate
caches
with
lesser
version
numbers
.
#
#
Handling
errors
about
:
home
is
typically
the
first
thing
that
the
user
sees
upon
starting
the
browser
.
It
is
critically
important
that
it
function
quickly
and
correctly
.
If
anything
happens
to
go
wrong
when
retrieving
or
saving
to
the
cache
we
should
fall
back
to
generating
the
document
dynamically
.
As
an
example
it
'
s
theoretically
possible
for
the
browser
to
crash
while
in
the
midst
of
saving
to
the
cache
.
In
that
case
we
might
have
a
partial
document
saved
or
a
partial
script
saved
-
neither
of
which
is
acceptable
.
Thankfully
the
HTTP
cache
was
designed
with
resilience
in
mind
so
partially
written
entries
are
automatically
discarded
which
allows
us
to
fall
back
to
the
dynamic
page
generation
mode
.
As
additional
redundancy
to
that
resilience
we
also
make
sure
to
create
a
new
nsICacheEntry
every
time
the
cache
is
populated
and
write
the
version
metadata
as
the
last
step
.
Since
the
version
metadata
is
written
last
we
know
that
if
it
'
s
missing
when
we
try
to
load
the
cache
that
the
writing
of
the
page
and
the
script
did
not
complete
and
that
we
should
fall
back
to
dynamically
rendering
the
page
.

Commit message:

Bug 1626995 - Use the app build ID to version the about:home startup cache. r=Gijs
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D80290

UltraBlame original commit: ff2a2496bb260d6a8a00e2da2d58370a6eedb194

browser/components/newtab/docs/v2-system-addon/about_home_startup_cache.md, after:

#
The
about
:
home
startup
cache
By
default
a
user
'
s
browser
session
starts
with
a
single
window
and
a
single
tab
pointed
at
about
:
home
.
This
means
that
it
'
s
important
to
ensure
that
about
:
home
loads
as
quickly
as
possible
to
provide
a
fast
overall
startup
experience
.
about
:
home
which
is
functionally
identical
to
about
:
newtab
is
generated
dynamically
by
calculating
an
appropriate
state
object
in
the
parent
process
and
passing
it
down
to
a
content
process
into
the
React
library
in
order
to
render
the
final
interactive
page
.
This
is
problematic
during
the
startup
sequence
as
calculating
that
initial
state
can
be
computationally
expensive
and
requires
multiple
reads
from
the
disk
.
The
about
:
home
startup
cache
is
an
attempt
to
address
this
expense
.
It
works
by
assuming
that
between
browser
sessions
about
:
home
_usually_
doesn
'
t
need
to
change
.
#
#
Components
of
the
about
:
home
startup
cache
mechanism
There
are
3
primary
components
to
the
cache
mechanism
:
#
#
#
The
HTTP
Cache
The
HTTP
cache
is
normally
used
for
caching
webpages
retrieved
over
the
network
but
seemed
like
the
right
fit
for
storage
of
the
about
:
home
cache
as
well
.
The
HTTP
cache
is
usually
queried
by
the
networking
stack
when
browsing
the
web
.
The
HTTP
cache
is
however
not
typically
queried
when
accessing
chrome
:
/
/
or
resource
:
/
/
URLs
so
we
have
to
do
it
ourselves
manually
for
the
about
:
home
case
.
This
means
giving
about
:
home
special
capabilities
for
populating
and
reading
from
the
HTTP
cache
.
In
order
to
avoid
potential
security
issues
this
requires
that
we
sequester
about
:
home
/
about
:
newtab
in
their
own
special
content
process
.
The
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
exists
for
this
purpose
and
is
also
used
for
about
:
logins
and
about
:
certificate
.
The
HTTP
cache
lives
in
the
parent
process
and
so
any
read
and
write
operations
need
to
be
initiated
in
the
parent
process
.
Thankfully
however
the
HTTP
cache
accepts
data
using
nsIOutputStream
and
serves
it
using
nsIInputStream
.
We
can
send
nsIInputStream
over
the
message
manager
and
convert
an
nsIInputStream
into
an
nsIOutputStream
so
we
have
everything
we
need
to
efficiently
communicate
with
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
to
save
and
retrieve
page
data
.
The
official
documentation
for
the
HTTP
cache
[
can
be
found
here
]
(
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
HTTP_cache
)
.
#
#
#
AboutHomeStartupCache
This
singleton
component
lives
inside
of
BrowserGlue
to
avoid
having
to
load
yet
another
JSM
out
of
the
omni
.
ja
file
in
the
parent
process
during
startup
.
AboutHomeStartupCache
is
responsible
for
feeding
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
with
the
nsIInputStream
'
s
that
it
needs
to
present
the
initial
about
:
home
document
.
It
is
also
responsible
for
populating
the
cache
with
updated
versions
of
about
:
home
that
are
sent
by
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
Since
accessing
the
HTTP
cache
is
asynchronous
there
is
an
opportunity
for
a
race
where
the
cache
can
either
be
accessed
and
available
before
the
initial
about
:
home
is
requested
or
after
.
To
accommodate
for
both
cases
the
AboutHomeStartupCache
constructs
nsIPipe
instances
which
it
sends
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
as
soon
as
one
launches
.
If
the
HTTP
cache
entry
is
already
available
when
the
process
launches
and
cached
data
is
available
we
connect
the
cache
to
the
nsIPipe
'
s
to
stream
the
data
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
If
the
HTTP
cache
is
not
yet
available
we
hold
references
to
those
nsIPipe
instances
and
wait
until
the
cache
entry
is
available
.
Only
then
do
we
connect
the
cache
entry
to
the
nsIPipe
instances
to
send
the
data
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
.
#
#
#
AboutNewTabService
The
AboutNewTabService
is
used
by
the
AboutRedirector
in
both
the
parent
and
content
processes
to
determine
how
to
handle
attempts
to
load
about
:
home
and
about
:
newtab
.
There
are
distinct
versions
of
the
AboutNewTabService
-
one
for
the
parent
process
(
BaseAboutNewTabService
)
and
one
for
content
processes
(
AboutNewTabChildService
which
inherits
from
BaseAboutNewTabService
)
.
The
AboutRedirector
when
running
inside
of
a
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
knows
to
direct
attempts
to
load
about
:
home
to
AboutNewTabChildService
'
s
aboutHomeCacheChannel
method
.
This
method
is
then
responsible
for
choosing
whether
or
not
to
return
an
nsIChannel
for
the
cached
document
or
for
the
dynamically
generated
version
of
about
:
home
.
#
#
#
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
This
singleton
component
lives
inside
of
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
and
is
initialized
as
soon
as
the
message
is
received
from
the
parent
that
includes
the
nsIInputStream
'
s
that
will
be
used
to
potentially
load
from
the
cache
.
When
the
AboutRedirector
in
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
notices
that
a
request
has
been
made
to
about
:
home
it
asks
nsIAboutNewTabService
to
return
a
new
nsIChannel
for
that
document
.
The
AboutNewTabChildService
then
checks
to
see
if
the
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
can
return
an
nsIChannel
for
any
cached
content
.
If
at
this
point
nothing
has
been
streamed
from
the
parent
we
fall
back
to
loading
the
dynamic
about
:
home
document
.
This
might
occur
if
the
cache
doesn
'
t
exist
yet
or
if
we
were
too
slow
to
pull
it
off
of
the
disk
.
The
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
will
also
be
responsible
for
generating
the
cache
periodically
.
Periodically
the
AboutNewTabService
will
send
down
the
most
up
-
to
-
date
state
for
about
:
home
from
the
parent
process
and
then
the
AboutHomeStartupCacheChild
will
generate
document
markup
using
ReactDOMServer
within
a
ChromeWorker
.
After
that
'
s
generated
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
will
send
up
nsIInputStream
instances
for
both
the
markup
and
the
script
for
the
initial
page
state
.
The
AboutHomeStartupCache
singleton
inside
of
BrowserGlue
is
responsible
for
receiving
those
nsIInputStream
'
s
and
persisting
them
in
the
HTTP
cache
for
the
next
start
.
#
#
What
is
cached
?
Two
things
are
cached
:
1
.
The
raw
HTML
mark
-
up
of
about
:
home
.
2
.
A
small
chunk
of
JavaScript
that
"
hydrates
"
the
markup
through
the
React
libraries
allowing
the
page
to
become
interactive
after
painting
.
The
JavaScript
being
cached
cannot
be
put
directly
into
the
HTML
mark
-
up
as
inline
script
due
to
the
CSP
of
about
:
home
which
does
not
allow
inline
scripting
.
Instead
we
load
a
script
from
about
:
home
?
jscache
.
This
goes
through
the
same
mechanism
for
retrieving
the
HTML
document
from
the
cache
but
instead
pulls
down
the
cached
script
.
If
the
HTML
mark
-
up
is
cached
then
we
presume
that
the
script
is
also
cached
.
We
cannot
cache
one
and
not
the
other
.
If
only
one
cache
exists
or
only
one
has
been
sent
down
to
the
"
privileged
about
content
process
"
by
the
time
the
about
:
home
document
is
requested
then
we
fallback
to
loading
the
dynamic
about
:
home
document
.
#
#
Refreshing
the
cache
The
cache
is
refreshed
periodically
by
having
ActivityStreamMessageChannel
tell
AboutHomeStartupCache
when
it
has
sent
any
messages
down
to
the
preloaded
about
:
newtab
.
In
general
such
messages
are
a
good
hint
that
something
visual
has
updated
for
the
next
about
:
newtab
and
that
the
cache
should
probably
be
refreshed
.
AboutHomeStartupCache
debounces
notifications
about
such
messages
since
they
tend
to
be
bursty
.
#
#
Invalidating
the
cache
It
'
s
possible
that
the
composition
or
layout
of
about
:
home
will
change
over
time
from
release
to
release
.
When
this
occurs
it
might
be
desirable
to
invalidate
any
pre
-
existing
cache
that
might
exist
for
a
user
so
that
they
don
'
t
see
an
outdated
about
:
home
on
startup
.
To
do
this
we
set
a
version
number
on
the
cache
entry
and
ensure
that
the
version
number
is
equal
to
our
expectations
on
startup
.
If
the
version
number
does
not
match
our
expectation
then
the
cache
is
discarded
and
the
about
:
home
document
will
be
rendered
dynamically
.
The
version
number
is
currently
set
to
the
application
build
ID
.
This
means
that
when
the
application
updates
the
cache
is
invalidated
on
the
first
restart
after
a
browser
update
is
applied
.
#
#
Handling
errors
about
:
home
is
typically
the
first
thing
that
the
user
sees
upon
starting
the
browser
.
It
is
critically
important
that
it
function
quickly
and
correctly
.
If
anything
happens
to
go
wrong
when
retrieving
or
saving
to
the
cache
we
should
fall
back
to
generating
the
document
dynamically
.
As
an
example
it
'
s
theoretically
possible
for
the
browser
to
crash
while
in
the
midst
of
saving
to
the
cache
.
In
that
case
we
might
have
a
partial
document
saved
or
a
partial
script
saved
-
neither
of
which
is
acceptable
.
Thankfully
the
HTTP
cache
was
designed
with
resilience
in
mind
so
partially
written
entries
are
automatically
discarded
which
allows
us
to
fall
back
to
the
dynamic
page
generation
mode
.
As
additional
redundancy
to
that
resilience
we
also
make
sure
to
create
a
new
nsICacheEntry
every
time
the
cache
is
populated
and
write
the
version
metadata
as
the
last
step
.
Since
the
version
metadata
is
written
last
we
know
that
if
it
'
s
missing
when
we
try
to
load
the
cache
that
the
writing
of
the
page
and
the
script
did
not
complete
and
that
we
should
fall
back
to
dynamically
rendering
the
page
.
