browser/components/newtab/docs/v2-system-addon/data_dictionary.md, before:

#
Activity
Stream
Pings
The
Activity
Stream
system
add
-
on
sends
various
types
of
pings
to
the
backend
(
HTTPS
POST
)
[
Onyx
server
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
onyx
)
:
-
a
health
ping
that
reports
whether
or
not
a
user
has
a
custom
about
:
home
or
about
:
newtab
page
-
a
session
ping
that
describes
the
ending
of
an
Activity
Stream
session
(
a
new
tab
is
closed
or
refreshed
)
and
-
an
event
ping
that
records
specific
data
about
individual
user
interactions
while
interacting
with
Activity
Stream
-
a
performance
ping
that
records
specific
performance
related
events
-
an
undesired
ping
that
records
data
about
bad
app
states
and
missing
data
-
an
impression_stats
ping
that
records
data
about
Pocket
impressions
and
user
interactions
Schema
definitions
/
validations
that
can
be
used
for
tests
can
be
found
in
system
-
addon
/
test
/
schemas
/
pings
.
js
.
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
health
log
js
{
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
version
"
:
"
62
.
0a1
"
"
release_channel
"
:
"
nightly
"
"
event
"
:
"
AS_ENABLED
"
"
value
"
:
10
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
session
Log
js
{
/
/
These
fields
are
sent
from
the
client
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_session
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
session_duration
"
:
1635
"
session_id
"
:
"
{
12dasd
-
213asda
-
213dkakj
}
"
"
profile_creation_date
"
:
14786
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
user_event
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_user_event
"
"
action_position
"
:
"
3
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
event
"
:
"
click
or
scroll
or
search
or
delete
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
source
"
:
"
top
sites
or
bookmarks
or
.
.
.
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
{
12dasd
-
213asda
-
213dkakj
}
"
"
recommender_type
"
:
"
pocket
-
trending
"
"
metadata_source
"
:
"
MetadataService
or
Local
or
TippyTopProvider
"
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
performance
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_performance_event
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
event
"
:
"
previewCacheHit
"
"
event_id
"
:
"
45f1912165ca4dfdb5c1c2337dbdc58f
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
"
unknown
"
/
/
all
session
-
specific
perf
events
should
be
part
of
the
session
perf
object
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
source
"
:
"
TOP_FRECENT_SITES
"
"
value
"
:
1
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
undesired
event
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_undesired_event
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
26288a14
-
5cc4
-
d14f
-
ae0a
-
bb01ef45be9c
"
"
event
"
:
"
MISSING_IMAGE
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
source
"
:
"
HIGHLIGHTS
"
"
value
"
:
0
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
impression_stats
Logs
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_impression_stats
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
}
{
"
id
"
:
10001
}
{
"
id
"
:
10002
}
]
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
}
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_impression_stats
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
page
"
:
"
unknown
"
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
"
pos
"
is
the
0
-
based
index
to
record
the
tile
'
s
position
in
the
Pocket
section
.
/
/
"
shim
"
is
a
base64
encoded
shim
attached
to
spocs
unique
to
the
impression
from
the
Ad
server
.
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
"
pos
"
:
0
"
shim
"
:
"
enuYa1j73z3RzxgTexHNxYPC
/
b
9JT6w5KB0CRKYEU
+
"
}
]
/
/
A
0
-
based
index
to
record
which
tile
in
the
"
tiles
"
list
that
the
user
just
interacted
with
.
"
click
|
block
|
pocket
"
:
0
}
#
#
Example
Discovery
Stream
SPOCS
Fill
log
js
{
/
/
both
"
client_id
"
and
"
session_id
"
are
set
to
"
n
/
a
"
in
this
ping
.
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
version
"
:
"
68
"
"
release_channel
"
:
"
release
"
"
spoc_fills
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
frequency_cap
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10001
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
blocked_by_user
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10002
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
below_min_score
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10003
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
flight_duplicate
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10004
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
probability_selection
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
{
"
id
"
:
10004
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
out_of_position
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
{
"
id
"
:
10005
displayed
:
1
reason
:
"
n
/
a
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
]
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
Router
Pings
js
{
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
action
"
:
[
"
snippets_user_event
"
|
"
onboarding_user_event
"
]
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
NEWTAB_FOOTER_BAR
"
"
message_id
"
:
"
some_snippet_id
"
"
event
"
:
"
IMPRESSION
"
"
event_context
"
:
"
{
\
"
view
\
"
:
\
"
application_menu
\
"
}
"
}
|
KEY
|
DESCRIPTION
|
&
nbsp
;
|
|
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
:
-
-
-
-
-
:
|
|
action_position
|
[
Optional
]
The
index
of
the
element
in
the
source
that
was
clicked
.
|
:
one
:
|
action
|
[
Required
]
Either
activity_stream_event
activity_stream_session
or
activity_stream_performance
.
|
:
one
:
|
addon_version
|
[
Required
]
Firefox
build
ID
i
.
e
.
Services
.
appinfo
.
appBuildID
.
|
:
one
:
|
client_id
|
[
Required
]
An
identifier
for
this
client
.
|
:
one
:
|
card_type
|
[
Optional
]
(
"
bookmark
"
"
pocket
"
"
trending
"
"
pinned
"
"
search
"
"
spoc
"
"
organic
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
search_vendor
|
[
Optional
]
the
vendor
of
the
search
shortcut
one
of
(
"
google
"
"
amazon
"
"
wikipedia
"
"
duckduckgo
"
"
bing
"
etc
.
)
.
This
field
only
exists
when
card_type
=
"
search
"
|
:
one
:
|
date
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
date
in
YYYY
-
MM
-
DD
format
.
|
:
three
:
|
experiment_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
identifier
for
a
specific
experiment
.
|
:
one
:
|
event_id
|
[
Required
]
An
identifier
shared
by
multiple
performance
pings
that
describe
an
entire
request
flow
.
|
:
one
:
|
event
|
[
Required
]
The
type
of
event
.
Any
user
defined
string
(
"
click
"
"
share
"
"
delete
"
"
more_items
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
event_context
|
[
Optional
]
A
string
to
record
the
context
of
an
AS
Router
event
ping
.
Compound
context
values
will
be
stringified
by
JSON
.
stringify
|
:
one
:
|
highlight_type
|
[
Optional
]
Either
[
"
bookmarks
"
"
recommendation
"
"
history
"
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
impression_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
impression
identifier
for
a
specific
client
.
|
:
one
:
|
ip
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
IP
address
of
the
client
.
|
:
two
:
|
locale
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
browser
chrome
'
s
language
(
eg
.
en
-
US
)
.
|
:
two
:
|
load_trigger_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
DOMHighResTimeStamp
of
the
action
perceived
by
the
user
to
trigger
the
load
of
this
page
.
|
:
one
:
|
load_trigger_type
|
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Either
[
"
first_window_opened
"
"
menu_plus_or_keyboard
"
"
unexpected
"
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
metadata_source
|
[
Optional
]
The
source
of
which
we
computed
metadata
.
Either
(
MetadataService
or
Local
or
TippyTopProvider
)
.
|
:
one
:
|
page
|
[
Required
]
One
of
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
"
about
:
home
"
"
about
:
welcome
"
"
unknown
"
(
which
either
means
not
-
applicable
or
is
a
bug
)
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
recommender_type
|
[
Optional
]
The
type
of
recommendation
that
is
being
shown
if
any
.
|
:
one
:
|
session_duration
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Time
in
(
integer
)
milliseconds
of
the
difference
between
the
new
tab
becoming
visible
and
losing
focus
.
|
:
one
:
|
session_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
identifier
for
a
specific
session
.
|
:
one
:
|
source
|
[
Required
]
Either
(
"
recent_links
"
"
recent_bookmarks
"
"
frecent_links
"
"
top_sites
"
"
spotlight
"
"
sidebar
"
)
and
indicates
what
action
.
|
:
two
:
|
received_at
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
time
in
ms
since
epoch
.
|
:
three
:
|
total_bookmarks
|
[
Optional
]
The
total
number
of
bookmarks
in
the
user
'
s
places
db
.
|
:
one
:
|
total_history_size
|
[
Optional
]
The
number
of
history
items
currently
in
the
user
'
s
places
db
.
|
:
one
:
|
ua
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
user
agent
string
.
|
:
two
:
|
unload_reason
|
[
Required
]
The
reason
the
Activity
Stream
page
lost
focus
.
|
:
one
:
|
url
|
[
Optional
]
The
URL
of
the
recommendation
shown
in
one
of
the
highlights
spots
if
any
.
|
:
one
:
|
value
(
performance
)
|
[
Required
]
An
integer
that
represents
the
measured
performance
value
.
Can
store
counts
times
in
milliseconds
and
should
always
be
a
positive
integer
.
|
:
one
:
|
value
(
event
)
|
[
Optional
]
An
object
with
keys
"
icon_type
"
and
"
card_type
"
to
record
the
extra
information
for
event
ping
|
:
one
:
|
ver
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
version
of
the
Onyx
API
the
ping
was
sent
to
.
|
:
one
:
|
highlights_size
|
[
Optional
]
The
size
of
the
Highlights
set
.
|
:
one
:
|
highlights_data_late_by_ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
Highlights
to
become
initialized
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_data_late_by_ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
TopSites
to
become
initialized
|
:
one
:
|
topstories
.
domain
.
affinity
.
calculation
.
ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
domain
affinities
to
be
calculated
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_first_painted_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Service
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Timestamp
of
when
the
Top
Sites
element
finished
painting
(
possibly
with
only
placeholder
screenshots
)
|
:
one
:
|
custom_screenshot
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
custom
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
screenshot_with_icon
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
screenshot
and
a
favicon
.
|
:
one
:
|
screenshot
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
only
a
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
tippytop
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
tippytop
icon
.
|
:
one
:
|
rich_icon
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
high
quality
favicon
.
|
:
one
:
|
no_image
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
have
no
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_pinned
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
are
pinned
.
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_search_shortcuts
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
search
shortcut
topsites
.
|
:
one
:
|
visibility_event_rcvd_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
DOMHighResTimeStamp
of
when
the
page
itself
receives
an
event
that
document
.
visibilityState
=
=
visible
.
|
:
one
:
|
tiles
|
[
Required
]
A
list
of
tile
objects
for
the
Pocket
articles
.
Each
tile
object
mush
have
a
ID
optionally
a
"
pos
"
property
to
indicate
the
tile
position
and
optionally
a
"
shim
"
property
unique
to
the
impression
from
the
Ad
server
|
:
one
:
|
click
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
clicks
on
a
Pocket
tile
.
|
:
one
:
|
block
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
blocks
a
Pocket
tile
.
|
:
one
:
|
pocket
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
saves
a
Pocket
tile
to
Pocket
.
|
:
one
:
|
user_prefs
|
[
Required
]
The
encoded
integer
of
user
'
s
preferences
.
|
:
one
:
&
:
four
:
|
is_preloaded
|
[
Required
]
A
boolean
to
signify
whether
the
page
is
preloaded
or
not
|
:
one
:
|
icon_type
|
[
Optional
]
(
"
tippytop
"
"
rich_icon
"
"
screenshot_with_icon
"
"
screenshot
"
"
no_image
"
"
custom_screenshot
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
profile_creation_date
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
age
of
the
Firefox
profile
as
the
total
number
of
days
since
the
UNIX
epoch
.
|
:
one
:
|
message_id
|
[
required
]
A
string
identifier
of
the
message
in
Activity
Stream
Router
.
|
:
one
:
|
has_flow_params
|
[
required
]
One
of
[
true
false
]
.
A
boolean
identifier
that
indicates
if
Firefox
Accounts
flow
parameters
are
set
or
unset
.
|
:
one
:
|
displayed
|
[
required
]
1
:
a
SPOC
is
displayed
;
0
:
non
-
displayed
|
:
one
:
|
reason
|
[
required
]
The
reason
if
a
SPOC
is
not
displayed
"
n
/
a
"
for
the
displayed
one
of
(
"
frequency_cap
"
"
blocked_by_user
"
"
flight_duplicate
"
"
probability_selection
"
"
below_min_score
"
"
out_of_position
"
"
n
/
a
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
full_recalc
|
[
required
]
Is
it
a
full
SPOCS
recalculation
:
0
:
false
;
1
:
true
.
Recalculation
case
:
1
)
.
fetch
SPOCS
from
Pocket
endpoint
.
Non
-
recalculation
cases
:
1
)
.
An
impression
updates
the
SPOCS
;
2
)
.
Any
action
that
triggers
the
selectLayoutRender
|
:
one
:
*
*
Where
:
*
*
:
one
:
Firefox
data
:
two
:
HTTP
protocol
data
:
three
:
server
augmented
data
:
four
:
User
preferences
encoding
table
Note
:
the
following
session
-
related
fields
are
not
yet
implemented
in
the
system
-
addon
but
will
likely
be
added
in
future
versions
:
js
{
"
total_bookmarks
"
:
19
"
total_history_size
"
:
9
"
highlights_size
"
:
20
}
#
#
Encoding
and
decoding
of
user_prefs
This
encoding
mapping
was
defined
in
system
-
addon
/
lib
/
TelemetryFeed
.
jsm
|
Preference
|
Encoded
value
(
binary
)
|
|
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
:
|
|
showSearch
|
1
(
00000001
)
|
|
showTopSites
|
2
(
00000010
)
|
|
showTopStories
|
4
(
00000100
)
|
|
showHighlights
|
8
(
00001000
)
|
|
showSnippets
|
16
(
00010000
)
|
|
showSponsored
|
32
(
00100000
)
|
|
showCFRAddons
|
64
(
01000000
)
|
|
showCFRFeatures
|
128
(
10000000
)
|
Each
item
above
could
be
combined
with
other
items
through
bitwise
OR
(
|
)
operation
.
Examples
:
*
Everything
is
on
user_prefs
=
1
|
2
|
4
|
8
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
=
255
*
Everything
is
off
user_prefs
=
0
*
Only
show
search
and
Top
Stories
user_prefs
=
1
|
4
=
5
*
Everything
except
Highlights
user_prefs
=
1
|
2
|
4
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
=
247
Likewise
one
can
use
bitwise
AND
(
&
)
for
decoding
.
*
Check
if
everything
is
shown
user_prefs
&
(
1
|
2
|
4
|
8
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
)
or
user_prefs
=
=
255
*
Check
if
everything
is
off
user_prefs
=
=
0
*
Check
if
search
is
shown
user_prefs
&
1
*
Check
if
both
Top
Sites
and
Top
Stories
are
shown
(
user_prefs
&
2
)
&
&
(
user_prefs
&
4
)
or
(
user_prefs
&
(
2
|
4
)
)
=
=
(
2
|
4
)

Commit message:

Bug 1620325 - Add browser sessionId to Onboarding and Activity-Stream event pings r=pdahiya
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D65597

UltraBlame original commit: 8af21fad064f04cb7120a380c99a4c00d317cc20

browser/components/newtab/docs/v2-system-addon/data_dictionary.md, after:

#
Activity
Stream
Pings
The
Activity
Stream
system
add
-
on
sends
various
types
of
pings
to
the
backend
(
HTTPS
POST
)
[
Onyx
server
]
(
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
mozilla
/
onyx
)
:
-
a
health
ping
that
reports
whether
or
not
a
user
has
a
custom
about
:
home
or
about
:
newtab
page
-
a
session
ping
that
describes
the
ending
of
an
Activity
Stream
session
(
a
new
tab
is
closed
or
refreshed
)
and
-
an
event
ping
that
records
specific
data
about
individual
user
interactions
while
interacting
with
Activity
Stream
-
a
performance
ping
that
records
specific
performance
related
events
-
an
undesired
ping
that
records
data
about
bad
app
states
and
missing
data
-
an
impression_stats
ping
that
records
data
about
Pocket
impressions
and
user
interactions
Schema
definitions
/
validations
that
can
be
used
for
tests
can
be
found
in
system
-
addon
/
test
/
schemas
/
pings
.
js
.
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
health
log
js
{
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
version
"
:
"
62
.
0a1
"
"
release_channel
"
:
"
nightly
"
"
event
"
:
"
AS_ENABLED
"
"
value
"
:
10
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
session
Log
js
{
/
/
These
fields
are
sent
from
the
client
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_session
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
session_duration
"
:
1635
"
session_id
"
:
"
{
12dasd
-
213asda
-
213dkakj
}
"
"
profile_creation_date
"
:
14786
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
user_event
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_user_event
"
"
action_position
"
:
"
3
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
event
"
:
"
click
or
scroll
or
search
or
delete
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
source
"
:
"
top
sites
or
bookmarks
or
.
.
.
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
{
12dasd
-
213asda
-
213dkakj
}
"
"
recommender_type
"
:
"
pocket
-
trending
"
"
metadata_source
"
:
"
MetadataService
or
Local
or
TippyTopProvider
"
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
performance
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_performance_event
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
374dc4d8
-
0cb2
-
4ac5
-
a3cf
-
c5a9bc3c602e
"
"
event
"
:
"
previewCacheHit
"
"
event_id
"
:
"
45f1912165ca4dfdb5c1c2337dbdc58f
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
"
unknown
"
/
/
all
session
-
specific
perf
events
should
be
part
of
the
session
perf
object
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
source
"
:
"
TOP_FRECENT_SITES
"
"
value
"
:
1
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
undesired
event
Log
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_undesired_event
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
26288a14
-
5cc4
-
d14f
-
ae0a
-
bb01ef45be9c
"
"
event
"
:
"
MISSING_IMAGE
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
source
"
:
"
HIGHLIGHTS
"
"
value
"
:
0
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
These
fields
are
generated
on
the
server
"
ip
"
:
"
10
.
192
.
171
.
13
"
"
ua
"
:
"
python
-
requests
/
2
.
9
.
1
"
"
receive_at
"
:
1457396660000
"
date
"
:
"
2016
-
03
-
07
"
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
impression_stats
Logs
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_impression_stats
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
page
"
:
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
|
"
about
:
home
"
|
"
about
:
welcome
"
|
"
unknown
"
]
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
}
{
"
id
"
:
10001
}
{
"
id
"
:
10002
}
]
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
}
js
{
"
action
"
:
"
activity_stream_impression_stats
"
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
page
"
:
"
unknown
"
"
user_prefs
"
:
7
/
/
"
pos
"
is
the
0
-
based
index
to
record
the
tile
'
s
position
in
the
Pocket
section
.
/
/
"
shim
"
is
a
base64
encoded
shim
attached
to
spocs
unique
to
the
impression
from
the
Ad
server
.
"
tiles
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
"
pos
"
:
0
"
shim
"
:
"
enuYa1j73z3RzxgTexHNxYPC
/
b
9JT6w5KB0CRKYEU
+
"
}
]
/
/
A
0
-
based
index
to
record
which
tile
in
the
"
tiles
"
list
that
the
user
just
interacted
with
.
"
click
|
block
|
pocket
"
:
0
}
#
#
Example
Discovery
Stream
SPOCS
Fill
log
js
{
/
/
both
"
client_id
"
and
"
session_id
"
are
set
to
"
n
/
a
"
in
this
ping
.
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
session_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
version
"
:
"
68
"
"
release_channel
"
:
"
release
"
"
spoc_fills
"
:
[
{
"
id
"
:
10000
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
frequency_cap
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10001
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
blocked_by_user
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10002
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
below_min_score
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10003
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
flight_duplicate
"
full_recalc
:
1
}
{
"
id
"
:
10004
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
probability_selection
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
{
"
id
"
:
10004
displayed
:
0
reason
:
"
out_of_position
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
{
"
id
"
:
10005
displayed
:
1
reason
:
"
n
/
a
"
full_recalc
:
0
}
]
}
#
#
Example
Activity
Stream
Router
Pings
js
{
"
client_id
"
:
"
n
/
a
"
"
action
"
:
[
"
snippets_user_event
"
|
"
onboarding_user_event
"
]
"
impression_id
"
:
"
{
005deed0
-
e3e4
-
4c02
-
a041
-
17405fd703f6
}
"
"
source
"
:
"
pocket
"
"
addon_version
"
:
"
20180710100040
"
"
locale
"
:
"
en
-
US
"
"
source
"
:
"
NEWTAB_FOOTER_BAR
"
"
message_id
"
:
"
some_snippet_id
"
"
event
"
:
"
IMPRESSION
"
"
event_context
"
:
"
{
\
"
view
\
"
:
\
"
application_menu
\
"
}
"
}
|
KEY
|
DESCRIPTION
|
&
nbsp
;
|
|
-
-
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
|
:
-
-
-
-
-
:
|
|
action_position
|
[
Optional
]
The
index
of
the
element
in
the
source
that
was
clicked
.
|
:
one
:
|
action
|
[
Required
]
Either
activity_stream_event
activity_stream_session
or
activity_stream_performance
.
|
:
one
:
|
addon_version
|
[
Required
]
Firefox
build
ID
i
.
e
.
Services
.
appinfo
.
appBuildID
.
|
:
one
:
|
client_id
|
[
Required
]
An
identifier
for
this
client
.
|
:
one
:
|
card_type
|
[
Optional
]
(
"
bookmark
"
"
pocket
"
"
trending
"
"
pinned
"
"
search
"
"
spoc
"
"
organic
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
search_vendor
|
[
Optional
]
the
vendor
of
the
search
shortcut
one
of
(
"
google
"
"
amazon
"
"
wikipedia
"
"
duckduckgo
"
"
bing
"
etc
.
)
.
This
field
only
exists
when
card_type
=
"
search
"
|
:
one
:
|
date
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
date
in
YYYY
-
MM
-
DD
format
.
|
:
three
:
|
experiment_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
identifier
for
a
specific
experiment
.
|
:
one
:
|
event_id
|
[
Required
]
An
identifier
shared
by
multiple
performance
pings
that
describe
an
entire
request
flow
.
|
:
one
:
|
event
|
[
Required
]
The
type
of
event
.
Any
user
defined
string
(
"
click
"
"
share
"
"
delete
"
"
more_items
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
event_context
|
[
Optional
]
A
string
to
record
the
context
of
an
AS
Router
event
ping
.
Compound
context
values
will
be
stringified
by
JSON
.
stringify
|
:
one
:
|
highlight_type
|
[
Optional
]
Either
[
"
bookmarks
"
"
recommendation
"
"
history
"
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
impression_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
impression
identifier
for
a
specific
client
.
|
:
one
:
|
ip
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
IP
address
of
the
client
.
|
:
two
:
|
locale
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
browser
chrome
'
s
language
(
eg
.
en
-
US
)
.
|
:
two
:
|
load_trigger_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
DOMHighResTimeStamp
of
the
action
perceived
by
the
user
to
trigger
the
load
of
this
page
.
|
:
one
:
|
load_trigger_type
|
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Either
[
"
first_window_opened
"
"
menu_plus_or_keyboard
"
"
unexpected
"
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
metadata_source
|
[
Optional
]
The
source
of
which
we
computed
metadata
.
Either
(
MetadataService
or
Local
or
TippyTopProvider
)
.
|
:
one
:
|
page
|
[
Required
]
One
of
[
"
about
:
newtab
"
"
about
:
home
"
"
about
:
welcome
"
"
unknown
"
(
which
either
means
not
-
applicable
or
is
a
bug
)
]
.
|
:
one
:
|
recommender_type
|
[
Optional
]
The
type
of
recommendation
that
is
being
shown
if
any
.
|
:
one
:
|
session_duration
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Time
in
(
integer
)
milliseconds
of
the
difference
between
the
new
tab
becoming
visible
and
losing
focus
.
|
:
one
:
|
session_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
identifier
for
a
specific
session
.
|
:
one
:
|
source
|
[
Required
]
Either
(
"
recent_links
"
"
recent_bookmarks
"
"
frecent_links
"
"
top_sites
"
"
spotlight
"
"
sidebar
"
)
and
indicates
what
action
.
|
:
two
:
|
received_at
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
time
in
ms
since
epoch
.
|
:
three
:
|
total_bookmarks
|
[
Optional
]
The
total
number
of
bookmarks
in
the
user
'
s
places
db
.
|
:
one
:
|
total_history_size
|
[
Optional
]
The
number
of
history
items
currently
in
the
user
'
s
places
db
.
|
:
one
:
|
ua
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
user
agent
string
.
|
:
two
:
|
unload_reason
|
[
Required
]
The
reason
the
Activity
Stream
page
lost
focus
.
|
:
one
:
|
url
|
[
Optional
]
The
URL
of
the
recommendation
shown
in
one
of
the
highlights
spots
if
any
.
|
:
one
:
|
value
(
performance
)
|
[
Required
]
An
integer
that
represents
the
measured
performance
value
.
Can
store
counts
times
in
milliseconds
and
should
always
be
a
positive
integer
.
|
:
one
:
|
value
(
event
)
|
[
Optional
]
An
object
with
keys
"
icon_type
"
and
"
card_type
"
to
record
the
extra
information
for
event
ping
|
:
one
:
|
ver
|
[
Auto
populated
by
Onyx
]
The
version
of
the
Onyx
API
the
ping
was
sent
to
.
|
:
one
:
|
highlights_size
|
[
Optional
]
The
size
of
the
Highlights
set
.
|
:
one
:
|
highlights_data_late_by_ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
Highlights
to
become
initialized
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_data_late_by_ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
TopSites
to
become
initialized
|
:
one
:
|
topstories
.
domain
.
affinity
.
calculation
.
ms
|
[
Optional
]
Time
in
ms
it
took
for
domain
affinities
to
be
calculated
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_first_painted_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Service
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
Timestamp
of
when
the
Top
Sites
element
finished
painting
(
possibly
with
only
placeholder
screenshots
)
|
:
one
:
|
custom_screenshot
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
custom
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
screenshot_with_icon
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
screenshot
and
a
favicon
.
|
:
one
:
|
screenshot
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
only
a
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
tippytop
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
tippytop
icon
.
|
:
one
:
|
rich_icon
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
display
a
high
quality
favicon
.
|
:
one
:
|
no_image
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
have
no
screenshot
.
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_pinned
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
topsites
that
are
pinned
.
|
:
one
:
|
topsites_search_shortcuts
|
[
Optional
]
Number
of
search
shortcut
topsites
.
|
:
one
:
|
visibility_event_rcvd_ts
|
[
Optional
]
[
Server
Counter
]
[
Server
Alert
for
too
many
omissions
]
DOMHighResTimeStamp
of
when
the
page
itself
receives
an
event
that
document
.
visibilityState
=
=
visible
.
|
:
one
:
|
tiles
|
[
Required
]
A
list
of
tile
objects
for
the
Pocket
articles
.
Each
tile
object
mush
have
a
ID
optionally
a
"
pos
"
property
to
indicate
the
tile
position
and
optionally
a
"
shim
"
property
unique
to
the
impression
from
the
Ad
server
|
:
one
:
|
click
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
clicks
on
a
Pocket
tile
.
|
:
one
:
|
block
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
blocks
a
Pocket
tile
.
|
:
one
:
|
pocket
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
0
-
based
index
when
user
saves
a
Pocket
tile
to
Pocket
.
|
:
one
:
|
user_prefs
|
[
Required
]
The
encoded
integer
of
user
'
s
preferences
.
|
:
one
:
&
:
four
:
|
is_preloaded
|
[
Required
]
A
boolean
to
signify
whether
the
page
is
preloaded
or
not
|
:
one
:
|
icon_type
|
[
Optional
]
(
"
tippytop
"
"
rich_icon
"
"
screenshot_with_icon
"
"
screenshot
"
"
no_image
"
"
custom_screenshot
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
profile_creation_date
|
[
Optional
]
An
integer
to
record
the
age
of
the
Firefox
profile
as
the
total
number
of
days
since
the
UNIX
epoch
.
|
:
one
:
|
message_id
|
[
required
]
A
string
identifier
of
the
message
in
Activity
Stream
Router
.
|
:
one
:
|
has_flow_params
|
[
required
]
One
of
[
true
false
]
.
A
boolean
identifier
that
indicates
if
Firefox
Accounts
flow
parameters
are
set
or
unset
.
|
:
one
:
|
displayed
|
[
required
]
1
:
a
SPOC
is
displayed
;
0
:
non
-
displayed
|
:
one
:
|
reason
|
[
required
]
The
reason
if
a
SPOC
is
not
displayed
"
n
/
a
"
for
the
displayed
one
of
(
"
frequency_cap
"
"
blocked_by_user
"
"
flight_duplicate
"
"
probability_selection
"
"
below_min_score
"
"
out_of_position
"
"
n
/
a
"
)
|
:
one
:
|
full_recalc
|
[
required
]
Is
it
a
full
SPOCS
recalculation
:
0
:
false
;
1
:
true
.
Recalculation
case
:
1
)
.
fetch
SPOCS
from
Pocket
endpoint
.
Non
-
recalculation
cases
:
1
)
.
An
impression
updates
the
SPOCS
;
2
)
.
Any
action
that
triggers
the
selectLayoutRender
|
:
one
:
|
browser_session_id
|
[
Optional
]
The
unique
identifier
for
a
browser
session
retrieved
from
TelemetrySession
|
:
one
:
*
*
Where
:
*
*
:
one
:
Firefox
data
:
two
:
HTTP
protocol
data
:
three
:
server
augmented
data
:
four
:
User
preferences
encoding
table
Note
:
the
following
session
-
related
fields
are
not
yet
implemented
in
the
system
-
addon
but
will
likely
be
added
in
future
versions
:
js
{
"
total_bookmarks
"
:
19
"
total_history_size
"
:
9
"
highlights_size
"
:
20
}
#
#
Encoding
and
decoding
of
user_prefs
This
encoding
mapping
was
defined
in
system
-
addon
/
lib
/
TelemetryFeed
.
jsm
|
Preference
|
Encoded
value
(
binary
)
|
|
-
-
-
|
-
-
-
:
|
|
showSearch
|
1
(
00000001
)
|
|
showTopSites
|
2
(
00000010
)
|
|
showTopStories
|
4
(
00000100
)
|
|
showHighlights
|
8
(
00001000
)
|
|
showSnippets
|
16
(
00010000
)
|
|
showSponsored
|
32
(
00100000
)
|
|
showCFRAddons
|
64
(
01000000
)
|
|
showCFRFeatures
|
128
(
10000000
)
|
Each
item
above
could
be
combined
with
other
items
through
bitwise
OR
(
|
)
operation
.
Examples
:
*
Everything
is
on
user_prefs
=
1
|
2
|
4
|
8
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
=
255
*
Everything
is
off
user_prefs
=
0
*
Only
show
search
and
Top
Stories
user_prefs
=
1
|
4
=
5
*
Everything
except
Highlights
user_prefs
=
1
|
2
|
4
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
=
247
Likewise
one
can
use
bitwise
AND
(
&
)
for
decoding
.
*
Check
if
everything
is
shown
user_prefs
&
(
1
|
2
|
4
|
8
|
16
|
32
|
64
|
128
)
or
user_prefs
=
=
255
*
Check
if
everything
is
off
user_prefs
=
=
0
*
Check
if
search
is
shown
user_prefs
&
1
*
Check
if
both
Top
Sites
and
Top
Stories
are
shown
(
user_prefs
&
2
)
&
&
(
user_prefs
&
4
)
or
(
user_prefs
&
(
2
|
4
)
)
=
=
(
2
|
4
)
