devtools/docs/contributing/landing-code.md, before:

#
Landing
code
(
i
.
e
.
getting
code
into
Mozilla
'
s
repository
)
Code
changes
(
patches
)
in
Mozilla
are
not
'
merged
'
in
a
sequential
way
as
it
'
s
the
fashion
in
other
popular
projects
.
Here
the
patches
will
be
*
applied
*
on
top
of
the
latest
code
and
will
stay
there
if
1
.
the
patch
applies
cleanly
without
conflicts
2
.
the
patch
doesn
'
t
cause
'
bustage
'
(
i
.
e
.
breaks
the
build
)
Therefore
it
'
s
good
to
try
and
do
smaller
changes
rather
than
bigger
specially
if
you
'
re
modifying
files
that
many
other
people
are
working
on
simultaneously
to
avoid
conflicts
and
your
patch
being
rejected
.
Otherwise
you
might
need
to
rebase
from
the
latest
changes
try
to
write
your
changes
on
top
of
it
and
submit
this
new
diff
.
Leaving
potential
conflicts
aside
a
patch
can
make
its
way
into
the
repository
in
two
ways
:
#
#
From
Phabricator
Once
a
review
has
been
approved
someone
with
enough
privileges
can
request
the
code
be
merged
using
the
[
Lando
]
(
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
lando
-
user
.
html
)
interface
.
These
'
privileges
'
are
"
commit
level
access
3
"
.
You
get
these
once
you
have
successfully
contributed
with
a
number
of
patches
.
See
[
levelling
up
]
(
.
/
levelling
-
up
.
md
)
for
more
details
.
If
you
don
'
t
have
the
privileges
you
can
also
ask
your
mentor
to
land
the
code
.
In
fact
they
might
even
initiate
that
for
you
once
the
code
review
is
approved
.
#
#
From
Bugzilla
Another
route
is
to
request
the
landing
using
Bugzilla
.
Go
to
the
bug
and
add
checkin
-
needed
to
the
Keywords
field
.
Someone
looks
at
bugs
marked
with
checkin
-
needed
a
few
times
a
day
verifies
they
have
an
associated
*
*
approved
*
*
review
and
then
attempts
to
land
them
.

Commit message:

Bug 1623760 - 'Check-in needed' moved in phab r=glob
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D67556

UltraBlame original commit: 495391773897ddaaa10f631e8a0d1e575b4967f9

devtools/docs/contributing/landing-code.md, after:

#
Landing
code
(
i
.
e
.
getting
code
into
Mozilla
'
s
repository
)
Code
changes
(
patches
)
in
Mozilla
are
not
'
merged
'
in
a
sequential
way
as
it
'
s
the
fashion
in
other
popular
projects
.
Here
the
patches
will
be
*
applied
*
on
top
of
the
latest
code
and
will
stay
there
if
1
.
the
patch
applies
cleanly
without
conflicts
2
.
the
patch
doesn
'
t
cause
'
bustage
'
(
i
.
e
.
breaks
the
build
)
Therefore
it
'
s
good
to
try
and
do
smaller
changes
rather
than
bigger
specially
if
you
'
re
modifying
files
that
many
other
people
are
working
on
simultaneously
to
avoid
conflicts
and
your
patch
being
rejected
.
Otherwise
you
might
need
to
rebase
from
the
latest
changes
try
to
write
your
changes
on
top
of
it
and
submit
this
new
diff
.
Leaving
potential
conflicts
aside
a
patch
can
make
its
way
into
the
repository
in
two
ways
:
#
#
From
Phabricator
Once
a
review
has
been
approved
someone
with
enough
privileges
can
request
the
code
be
merged
using
the
[
Lando
]
(
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
lando
-
user
.
html
)
interface
.
These
'
privileges
'
are
"
commit
level
access
3
"
.
You
get
these
once
you
have
successfully
contributed
with
a
number
of
patches
.
See
[
levelling
up
]
(
.
/
levelling
-
up
.
md
)
for
more
details
.
If
you
don
'
t
have
the
privileges
you
can
also
ask
your
mentor
to
land
the
code
.
In
fact
they
might
even
initiate
that
for
you
once
the
code
review
is
approved
.
To
request
the
landing
add
the
*
Check
-
in
Needed
*
Tags
to
the
review
(
*
Edit
Revision
*
)
.
Someone
looks
at
review
marked
with
Check
-
in
Needed
a
few
times
a
day
verifies
they
have
an
associated
*
*
approved
*
*
review
and
then
attempts
to
land
them
.
