devtools/docs/contributing/making-prs.md, before:

#
Sending
your
code
for
review
(
also
known
as
"
sending
patches
"
)
First
commit
your
changes
.
For
example
:
bash
hg
add
/
path
/
to
/
file
/
changed
hg
commit
-
m
"
Bug
1234567
-
Implement
feature
XYZ
.
r
=
name
name2
!
"
The
commit
message
explained
in
detail
:
-
Bug
1234567
-
The
number
of
the
bug
in
bugzilla
.
-
-
Implement
feature
XYZ
.
-
The
commit
message
.
-
r
=
name
-
The
short
form
to
request
a
review
.
Enter
the
name
you
found
using
the
instructions
in
the
[
previous
step
]
(
.
/
code
-
reviews
-
find
-
reviewer
.
md
)
.
-
name2
!
-
You
can
have
more
than
one
reviewer
.
The
!
makes
the
review
a
*
blocking
*
review
(
Patch
can
not
land
without
accepted
review
)
.
Then
create
a
revision
in
Phabricator
using
moz
-
phab
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
A
revision
will
be
created
including
that
information
and
the
difference
in
code
between
your
changes
and
the
point
in
the
repository
where
you
based
your
work
(
this
difference
is
sometimes
called
"
a
patch
"
as
it
'
s
what
you
'
d
need
to
apply
on
the
repository
to
get
to
the
final
state
)
.
If
you
click
on
the
provided
URL
for
the
revision
it
'
ll
bring
you
to
Phabricator
'
s
interface
which
the
reviewer
will
visit
as
well
in
order
to
review
the
code
.
They
will
look
at
your
changes
and
decide
if
they
need
any
additional
work
based
on
whether
the
changes
do
fix
what
the
bug
describes
or
not
.
To
get
a
better
idea
of
the
types
of
things
they
will
look
at
and
verify
read
the
[
code
reviews
checklist
]
(
.
/
code
-
reviews
-
checklist
.
md
)
.
For
more
information
on
using
moz
-
phab
you
can
run
:
bash
moz
-
phab
-
h
or
to
get
information
on
a
specific
command
(
here
submit
)
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
-
h
The
reviewer
might
suggest
you
do
additional
changes
.
For
example
they
might
recommend
using
a
helper
that
already
exists
(
but
you
were
not
aware
of
)
or
they
might
recommend
renaming
things
to
make
things
clearer
.
Or
they
might
recommend
you
do
*
less
*
things
(
e
.
g
.
if
you
changed
other
things
that
are
out
of
scope
for
the
bug
)
.
Or
they
might
simply
ask
questions
if
things
aren
'
t
clear
.
You
can
also
ask
questions
if
the
comments
are
unclear
or
if
you
'
re
unsure
about
parts
of
the
code
you
'
re
interacting
with
.
Something
that
looks
very
obvious
to
one
person
might
confuse
others
.
Hence
you
might
need
to
go
back
to
the
code
and
do
some
edits
to
address
the
issues
and
recommendations
.
Once
you
have
done
this
you
must
update
the
existing
commit
:
bash
hg
commit
-
-
amend
And
submit
the
change
again
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
You
might
have
to
go
through
this
cycle
of
submitting
changes
and
getting
it
reviewed
several
times
depending
on
the
complexity
of
the
bug
.
Once
your
code
fixes
the
bug
and
there
are
no
more
blocking
issues
the
reviewer
will
approve
the
changes
and
the
code
can
be
landed
in
the
repository
now
.
#
Squashing
commits
Sometimes
you
may
be
asked
to
squash
your
commits
.
Squashing
means
merging
multiple
commits
into
one
in
case
you
created
multiple
commits
while
working
on
a
bug
.
Squashing
bugs
is
easy
!
We
will
use
the
histedit
extension
for
squashing
commits
in
Mercurial
.
You
can
check
if
this
extension
is
enabled
in
your
Mercurial
installation
following
these
steps
:
*
Open
.
hgrc
(
Linux
/
OSX
)
or
Mercurial
.
ini
(
Windows
)
this
is
the
default
configuration
file
of
Mercurial
located
in
your
home
directory
using
your
favourite
editor
.
*
Then
add
histedit
=
under
the
[
extensions
]
list
present
in
file
if
not
present
already
.
Then
run
the
following
command
:
hg
histedit
You
will
see
something
like
this
on
your
terminal
:
pick
3bd22d1cc59a
0
"
First
-
Commit
-
Message
"
pick
81c4d40e57d3
1
"
Second
-
Commit
-
Message
"
These
lines
represent
your
commits
.
Suppose
we
want
to
merge
81c4d40e57d3
to
3bd22d1cc59a
.
Then
replace
*
*
pick
*
*
in
front
of
81c4d40e57d3
with
*
*
fold
*
*
(
or
simply
'
f
'
)
.
Save
the
changes
.
You
will
see
that
81c4d40e57d3
has
been
combined
with
3bd22d1cc59a
.
You
can
verify
this
using
the
hg
log
command
.
You
can
fold
as
many
commits
you
want
and
they
will
be
combined
with
the
first
commit
above
them
which
does
not
use
fold
.

Commit message:

Bug 1675299 - [devtools] Improve the guidelines for commit naming r=jdescottes
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D95864

UltraBlame original commit: ad4ad13a3cc02a358e58080b77e4534c299b3ee0

devtools/docs/contributing/making-prs.md, after:

#
Sending
your
code
for
review
(
also
known
as
"
sending
patches
"
)
First
commit
your
changes
.
For
example
:
bash
hg
add
/
path
/
to
/
file
/
changed
hg
commit
-
m
"
Bug
1234567
-
[
devtools
]
Implement
feature
XYZ
.
r
=
name
name2
!
"
The
commit
message
explained
in
detail
:
-
Bug
1234567
-
The
number
of
the
bug
in
bugzilla
.
-
-
[
devtools
]
Implement
feature
XYZ
.
-
The
commit
message
with
a
"
devtools
"
prefix
to
quickly
identify
DevTools
changesets
.
-
r
=
name
-
The
short
form
to
request
a
review
.
Enter
the
name
you
found
using
the
instructions
in
the
[
previous
step
]
(
.
/
code
-
reviews
-
find
-
reviewer
.
md
)
.
-
name2
!
-
You
can
have
more
than
one
reviewer
.
The
!
makes
the
review
a
*
blocking
*
review
(
Patch
can
not
land
without
accepted
review
)
.
Then
create
a
revision
in
Phabricator
using
moz
-
phab
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
A
revision
will
be
created
including
that
information
and
the
difference
in
code
between
your
changes
and
the
point
in
the
repository
where
you
based
your
work
(
this
difference
is
sometimes
called
"
a
patch
"
as
it
'
s
what
you
'
d
need
to
apply
on
the
repository
to
get
to
the
final
state
)
.
If
you
click
on
the
provided
URL
for
the
revision
it
'
ll
bring
you
to
Phabricator
'
s
interface
which
the
reviewer
will
visit
as
well
in
order
to
review
the
code
.
They
will
look
at
your
changes
and
decide
if
they
need
any
additional
work
based
on
whether
the
changes
do
fix
what
the
bug
describes
or
not
.
To
get
a
better
idea
of
the
types
of
things
they
will
look
at
and
verify
read
the
[
code
reviews
checklist
]
(
.
/
code
-
reviews
-
checklist
.
md
)
.
For
more
information
on
using
moz
-
phab
you
can
run
:
bash
moz
-
phab
-
h
or
to
get
information
on
a
specific
command
(
here
submit
)
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
-
h
The
reviewer
might
suggest
you
do
additional
changes
.
For
example
they
might
recommend
using
a
helper
that
already
exists
(
but
you
were
not
aware
of
)
or
they
might
recommend
renaming
things
to
make
things
clearer
.
Or
they
might
recommend
you
do
*
less
*
things
(
e
.
g
.
if
you
changed
other
things
that
are
out
of
scope
for
the
bug
)
.
Or
they
might
simply
ask
questions
if
things
aren
'
t
clear
.
You
can
also
ask
questions
if
the
comments
are
unclear
or
if
you
'
re
unsure
about
parts
of
the
code
you
'
re
interacting
with
.
Something
that
looks
very
obvious
to
one
person
might
confuse
others
.
Hence
you
might
need
to
go
back
to
the
code
and
do
some
edits
to
address
the
issues
and
recommendations
.
Once
you
have
done
this
you
must
update
the
existing
commit
:
bash
hg
commit
-
-
amend
And
submit
the
change
again
:
bash
moz
-
phab
submit
You
might
have
to
go
through
this
cycle
of
submitting
changes
and
getting
it
reviewed
several
times
depending
on
the
complexity
of
the
bug
.
Once
your
code
fixes
the
bug
and
there
are
no
more
blocking
issues
the
reviewer
will
approve
the
changes
and
the
code
can
be
landed
in
the
repository
now
.
#
Squashing
commits
Sometimes
you
may
be
asked
to
squash
your
commits
.
Squashing
means
merging
multiple
commits
into
one
in
case
you
created
multiple
commits
while
working
on
a
bug
.
Squashing
bugs
is
easy
!
We
will
use
the
histedit
extension
for
squashing
commits
in
Mercurial
.
You
can
check
if
this
extension
is
enabled
in
your
Mercurial
installation
following
these
steps
:
*
Open
.
hgrc
(
Linux
/
OSX
)
or
Mercurial
.
ini
(
Windows
)
this
is
the
default
configuration
file
of
Mercurial
located
in
your
home
directory
using
your
favourite
editor
.
*
Then
add
histedit
=
under
the
[
extensions
]
list
present
in
file
if
not
present
already
.
Then
run
the
following
command
:
hg
histedit
You
will
see
something
like
this
on
your
terminal
:
pick
3bd22d1cc59a
0
"
First
-
Commit
-
Message
"
pick
81c4d40e57d3
1
"
Second
-
Commit
-
Message
"
These
lines
represent
your
commits
.
Suppose
we
want
to
merge
81c4d40e57d3
to
3bd22d1cc59a
.
Then
replace
*
*
pick
*
*
in
front
of
81c4d40e57d3
with
*
*
fold
*
*
(
or
simply
'
f
'
)
.
Save
the
changes
.
You
will
see
that
81c4d40e57d3
has
been
combined
with
3bd22d1cc59a
.
You
can
verify
this
using
the
hg
log
command
.
You
can
fold
as
many
commits
you
want
and
they
will
be
combined
with
the
first
commit
above
them
which
does
not
use
fold
.
