toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/internals/preferences.rst, before:

Preferences
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
behaviour
is
controlled
through
the
preferences
listed
here
.
Default
behaviors
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Sending
only
happens
on
official
builds
(
i
.
e
.
with
MOZILLA_OFFICIAL
set
)
with
MOZ_TELEMETRY_REPORTING
defined
.
All
other
builds
drop
all
outgoing
pings
so
they
will
also
not
retry
sending
them
later
.
Preferences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
unified
This
controls
whether
unified
behavior
is
enabled
.
If
true
:
*
Telemetry
is
always
enabled
and
recording
*
base
*
data
.
*
Telemetry
will
send
additional
main
pings
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
enabled
If
unified
is
off
this
controls
whether
the
Telemetry
module
is
enabled
.
If
unified
is
on
this
controls
whether
to
record
*
extended
*
data
.
This
preference
is
controlled
through
the
Preferences
dialog
.
Note
that
the
default
value
here
of
this
pref
depends
on
the
define
RELEASE_OR_BETA
and
the
channel
.
If
RELEASE_OR_BETA
is
set
MOZ_TELEMETRY_ON_BY_DEFAULT
gets
set
which
means
this
pref
will
default
to
true
.
This
is
overridden
by
the
preferences
code
on
the
"
beta
"
channel
the
pref
also
defaults
to
true
there
.
datareporting
.
healthreport
.
uploadEnabled
Send
the
data
we
record
if
user
has
consented
to
FHR
.
This
preference
is
controlled
through
the
Preferences
dialog
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
archive
.
enabled
Allow
pings
to
be
archived
locally
.
This
can
only
be
enabled
if
unified
is
on
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
server
The
server
Telemetry
pings
are
sent
to
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
log
.
level
This
sets
the
Telemetry
logging
verbosity
per
Log
.
jsm
with
Trace
or
0
being
the
most
verbose
and
the
default
being
Warn
.
By
default
logging
goes
only
the
console
service
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
log
.
dump
Sets
whether
to
dump
Telemetry
log
messages
to
stdout
too
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
shutdownPingSender
.
enabled
Allow
the
shutdown
ping
to
be
sent
when
the
browser
shuts
down
from
the
second
browsing
session
on
instead
of
the
next
restart
using
the
:
doc
:
ping
sender
<
pingsender
>
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
newProfilePing
.
enabled
Enable
the
:
doc
:
.
.
/
data
/
new
-
profile
ping
on
new
profiles
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
newProfilePing
.
delay
Controls
the
delay
after
which
the
:
doc
:
.
.
/
data
/
new
-
profile
is
sent
on
new
profiles
.
Data
-
choices
notification
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
reportingpolicy
.
firstRun
This
preference
is
not
present
until
the
first
run
.
After
its
value
is
set
to
false
.
This
is
used
to
show
the
infobar
with
a
more
aggressive
timeout
if
it
wasn
'
t
shown
yet
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
firstRunURL
If
set
a
browser
tab
will
be
opened
on
first
run
instead
of
the
infobar
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionEnabled
This
is
the
data
submission
master
kill
switch
.
If
disabled
no
policy
is
shown
or
upload
takes
place
ever
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyNotifiedTime
Records
the
date
user
was
shown
the
policy
.
This
preference
is
also
used
on
Android
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyAcceptedVersion
Records
the
version
of
the
policy
notified
to
the
user
.
This
preference
is
also
used
on
Android
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyBypassNotification
Used
in
tests
it
allows
to
skip
the
notification
check
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
currentPolicyVersion
Stores
the
current
policy
version
overrides
the
default
value
defined
in
TelemetryReportingPolicy
.
jsm
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
minimumPolicyVersion
The
minimum
policy
version
that
is
accepted
for
the
current
policy
.
This
can
be
set
per
channel
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
minimumPolicyVersion
.
channel
-
NAME
This
is
the
only
channel
-
specific
version
that
we
currently
use
for
the
minimum
policy
version
.
Testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
following
prefs
are
for
testing
purpose
only
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
initDelay
Delay
before
initializing
telemetry
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
minSubsessionLength
Minimum
length
of
a
telemetry
subsession
and
throttling
time
for
common
environment
changes
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
collectInterval
Minimum
interval
between
data
collection
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
scheduler
.
tickInterval
Interval
between
scheduler
ticks
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
scheduler
.
idleTickInterval
Interval
between
scheduler
ticks
when
the
user
is
idle
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
idleTimeout
Timeout
until
we
decide
whether
a
user
is
idle
or
not
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
modulesPing
.
interval
Interval
between
"
modules
"
ping
transmissions
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
send
.
overrideOfficialCheck
If
true
allows
sending
pings
on
unofficial
builds
.
Requires
a
restart
.

Commit message:

Bug 1381490 - Enable sending the shutdown ping with the pingsender on the first session. r=gfritzsche
This will land behind a preference, initially turned off, with the possibility to easily enable it.

MozReview-Commit-ID: InND8Pv35I1

UltraBlame original commit: 34617f86887ebb1fa5cba44d6e339c02ffec785f

toolkit/components/telemetry/docs/internals/preferences.rst, after:

Preferences
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Telemetry
behaviour
is
controlled
through
the
preferences
listed
here
.
Default
behaviors
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Sending
only
happens
on
official
builds
(
i
.
e
.
with
MOZILLA_OFFICIAL
set
)
with
MOZ_TELEMETRY_REPORTING
defined
.
All
other
builds
drop
all
outgoing
pings
so
they
will
also
not
retry
sending
them
later
.
Preferences
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
unified
This
controls
whether
unified
behavior
is
enabled
.
If
true
:
*
Telemetry
is
always
enabled
and
recording
*
base
*
data
.
*
Telemetry
will
send
additional
main
pings
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
enabled
If
unified
is
off
this
controls
whether
the
Telemetry
module
is
enabled
.
If
unified
is
on
this
controls
whether
to
record
*
extended
*
data
.
This
preference
is
controlled
through
the
Preferences
dialog
.
Note
that
the
default
value
here
of
this
pref
depends
on
the
define
RELEASE_OR_BETA
and
the
channel
.
If
RELEASE_OR_BETA
is
set
MOZ_TELEMETRY_ON_BY_DEFAULT
gets
set
which
means
this
pref
will
default
to
true
.
This
is
overridden
by
the
preferences
code
on
the
"
beta
"
channel
the
pref
also
defaults
to
true
there
.
datareporting
.
healthreport
.
uploadEnabled
Send
the
data
we
record
if
user
has
consented
to
FHR
.
This
preference
is
controlled
through
the
Preferences
dialog
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
archive
.
enabled
Allow
pings
to
be
archived
locally
.
This
can
only
be
enabled
if
unified
is
on
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
server
The
server
Telemetry
pings
are
sent
to
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
log
.
level
This
sets
the
Telemetry
logging
verbosity
per
Log
.
jsm
with
Trace
or
0
being
the
most
verbose
and
the
default
being
Warn
.
By
default
logging
goes
only
the
console
service
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
log
.
dump
Sets
whether
to
dump
Telemetry
log
messages
to
stdout
too
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
shutdownPingSender
.
enabled
Allow
the
shutdown
ping
to
be
sent
when
the
browser
shuts
down
from
the
second
browsing
session
on
instead
of
the
next
restart
using
the
:
doc
:
ping
sender
<
pingsender
>
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
shutdownPingSender
.
enabledFirstSession
Allow
the
shutdown
ping
to
be
sent
using
the
:
doc
:
ping
sender
<
pingsender
>
from
the
first
browsing
session
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
newProfilePing
.
enabled
Enable
the
:
doc
:
.
.
/
data
/
new
-
profile
ping
on
new
profiles
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
newProfilePing
.
delay
Controls
the
delay
after
which
the
:
doc
:
.
.
/
data
/
new
-
profile
is
sent
on
new
profiles
.
Data
-
choices
notification
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
reportingpolicy
.
firstRun
This
preference
is
not
present
until
the
first
run
.
After
its
value
is
set
to
false
.
This
is
used
to
show
the
infobar
with
a
more
aggressive
timeout
if
it
wasn
'
t
shown
yet
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
firstRunURL
If
set
a
browser
tab
will
be
opened
on
first
run
instead
of
the
infobar
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionEnabled
This
is
the
data
submission
master
kill
switch
.
If
disabled
no
policy
is
shown
or
upload
takes
place
ever
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyNotifiedTime
Records
the
date
user
was
shown
the
policy
.
This
preference
is
also
used
on
Android
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyAcceptedVersion
Records
the
version
of
the
policy
notified
to
the
user
.
This
preference
is
also
used
on
Android
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
dataSubmissionPolicyBypassNotification
Used
in
tests
it
allows
to
skip
the
notification
check
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
currentPolicyVersion
Stores
the
current
policy
version
overrides
the
default
value
defined
in
TelemetryReportingPolicy
.
jsm
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
minimumPolicyVersion
The
minimum
policy
version
that
is
accepted
for
the
current
policy
.
This
can
be
set
per
channel
.
datareporting
.
policy
.
minimumPolicyVersion
.
channel
-
NAME
This
is
the
only
channel
-
specific
version
that
we
currently
use
for
the
minimum
policy
version
.
Testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
The
following
prefs
are
for
testing
purpose
only
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
initDelay
Delay
before
initializing
telemetry
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
minSubsessionLength
Minimum
length
of
a
telemetry
subsession
and
throttling
time
for
common
environment
changes
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
collectInterval
Minimum
interval
between
data
collection
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
scheduler
.
tickInterval
Interval
between
scheduler
ticks
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
scheduler
.
idleTickInterval
Interval
between
scheduler
ticks
when
the
user
is
idle
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
idleTimeout
Timeout
until
we
decide
whether
a
user
is
idle
or
not
(
seconds
)
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
modulesPing
.
interval
Interval
between
"
modules
"
ping
transmissions
.
toolkit
.
telemetry
.
send
.
overrideOfficialCheck
If
true
allows
sending
pings
on
unofficial
builds
.
Requires
a
restart
.
