browser/extensions/onboarding/README.md, before:

#
Onboarding
System
addon
to
provide
the
onboarding
overlay
for
user
-
friendly
tours
.
#
#
How
to
show
the
onboarding
tour
Open
about
:
config
page
and
filter
with
onboarding
keyword
.
Then
set
following
preferences
:
browser
.
onboarding
.
disabled
=
false
browser
.
onboarding
.
hidden
=
false
browser
.
onboarding
.
tour
-
set
=
"
new
"
/
/
for
new
user
tour
or
"
update
"
for
update
user
tour
And
make
sure
the
value
of
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
verion
and
browser
.
onboarding
.
seen
-
tourset
-
verion
are
the
same
.
#
#
Architecture
Everytime
about
:
home
or
about
:
newtab
page
is
opened
onboarding
overlay
is
injected
into
that
page
.
OnboardingTourType
.
jsm
will
check
the
onboarding
tour
type
(
currently
support
new
and
update
)
.
Then
in
onboarding
.
js
All
tours
are
defined
inside
of
onboardingTourset
dictionary
.
getTourIDList
function
will
load
tours
from
proper
preferences
.
(
Check
How
to
change
the
order
of
tours
section
for
more
detail
)
.
When
user
clicks
the
action
button
in
each
tour
We
use
[
UITour
]
(
http
:
/
/
bedrock
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
uitour
.
html
)
to
highlight
the
correspondent
browser
UI
element
.
#
#
Landing
rules
We
would
apply
some
rules
:
*
All
styles
and
ids
should
be
formatted
as
onboarding
-
*
to
avoid
conflict
with
the
origin
page
.
*
All
strings
in
locales
should
be
formatted
as
onboarding
.
*
for
consistency
.
#
#
How
to
change
the
order
of
tours
Edit
browser
/
app
/
profile
/
firefox
.
js
and
modify
browser
.
onboarding
.
newtour
for
the
new
user
tour
or
browser
.
onboarding
.
updatetour
for
the
update
user
tour
.
You
can
change
the
tour
list
and
the
order
by
concate
tourIds
with
sign
.
You
can
find
available
tourId
from
onboardingTourset
in
onboarding
.
js
.
#
#
How
to
pump
tour
set
version
after
update
tours
The
tourset
version
is
used
to
track
the
last
major
tourset
change
version
.
The
tourset
-
version
pref
store
the
major
tourset
version
(
ex
:
1
)
but
not
the
current
browser
version
.
When
browser
update
to
the
next
version
(
ex
:
58
59
)
the
tourset
pref
is
still
1
if
we
didn
'
t
do
any
major
tourset
update
.
Once
the
tour
set
version
is
updated
(
ex
:
2
)
onboarding
overlay
should
show
the
update
tour
to
the
updated
user
(
ex
:
update
from
v56
-
>
v57
)
even
when
user
has
watched
the
previous
tours
or
preferred
to
hide
the
previous
tours
.
Edit
browser
/
app
/
profile
/
firefox
.
js
and
set
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
version
as
[
tourset
version
]
(
in
integer
format
)
.
For
example
if
we
update
the
tourset
in
v60
and
decide
to
show
all
update
users
the
tour
we
set
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
version
as
3
.

Commit message:

Bug 1377289 - [a11y] All tour images should be accessible;r=mossop,yzen
MozReview-Commit-ID: APBEXnNgxC4

UltraBlame original commit: e89a6503c2f6ea75bee4126b0089ca13173480ad

browser/extensions/onboarding/README.md, after:

#
Onboarding
System
addon
to
provide
the
onboarding
overlay
for
user
-
friendly
tours
.
#
#
How
to
show
the
onboarding
tour
Open
about
:
config
page
and
filter
with
onboarding
keyword
.
Then
set
following
preferences
:
browser
.
onboarding
.
disabled
=
false
browser
.
onboarding
.
hidden
=
false
browser
.
onboarding
.
tour
-
set
=
"
new
"
/
/
for
new
user
tour
or
"
update
"
for
update
user
tour
And
make
sure
the
value
of
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
verion
and
browser
.
onboarding
.
seen
-
tourset
-
verion
are
the
same
.
#
#
Architecture
Everytime
about
:
home
or
about
:
newtab
page
is
opened
onboarding
overlay
is
injected
into
that
page
.
OnboardingTourType
.
jsm
will
check
the
onboarding
tour
type
(
currently
support
new
and
update
)
.
Then
in
onboarding
.
js
All
tours
are
defined
inside
of
onboardingTourset
dictionary
.
getTourIDList
function
will
load
tours
from
proper
preferences
.
(
Check
How
to
change
the
order
of
tours
section
for
more
detail
)
.
When
user
clicks
the
action
button
in
each
tour
We
use
[
UITour
]
(
http
:
/
/
bedrock
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
uitour
.
html
)
to
highlight
the
correspondent
browser
UI
element
.
#
#
Landing
rules
We
would
apply
some
rules
:
*
All
styles
and
ids
should
be
formatted
as
onboarding
-
*
to
avoid
conflict
with
the
origin
page
.
*
All
strings
in
locales
should
be
formatted
as
onboarding
.
*
for
consistency
.
*
For
accessibility
images
that
are
for
presentation
only
should
have
role
=
"
presentation
"
attribute
.
#
#
How
to
change
the
order
of
tours
Edit
browser
/
app
/
profile
/
firefox
.
js
and
modify
browser
.
onboarding
.
newtour
for
the
new
user
tour
or
browser
.
onboarding
.
updatetour
for
the
update
user
tour
.
You
can
change
the
tour
list
and
the
order
by
concate
tourIds
with
sign
.
You
can
find
available
tourId
from
onboardingTourset
in
onboarding
.
js
.
#
#
How
to
pump
tour
set
version
after
update
tours
The
tourset
version
is
used
to
track
the
last
major
tourset
change
version
.
The
tourset
-
version
pref
store
the
major
tourset
version
(
ex
:
1
)
but
not
the
current
browser
version
.
When
browser
update
to
the
next
version
(
ex
:
58
59
)
the
tourset
pref
is
still
1
if
we
didn
'
t
do
any
major
tourset
update
.
Once
the
tour
set
version
is
updated
(
ex
:
2
)
onboarding
overlay
should
show
the
update
tour
to
the
updated
user
(
ex
:
update
from
v56
-
>
v57
)
even
when
user
has
watched
the
previous
tours
or
preferred
to
hide
the
previous
tours
.
Edit
browser
/
app
/
profile
/
firefox
.
js
and
set
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
version
as
[
tourset
version
]
(
in
integer
format
)
.
For
example
if
we
update
the
tourset
in
v60
and
decide
to
show
all
update
users
the
tour
we
set
browser
.
onboarding
.
tourset
-
version
as
3
.
