remote/doc/Testing.md, before:

Testing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
remote
agent
has
unit
-
and
functional
tests
located
under
remote
/
test
/
{
unit
browser
}
.
You
may
run
all
the
tests
under
a
particular
subfolder
like
this
:
%
.
/
mach
test
remote
Unit
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Because
tests
are
run
in
parallel
and
[
xpcshell
]
itself
is
quite
chatty
it
can
sometimes
be
useful
to
run
the
tests
in
sequence
:
%
.
/
mach
xpcshell
-
test
-
-
sequential
remote
/
test
/
unit
/
test_DomainCache
.
js
The
unit
tests
will
appear
as
part
of
the
X
(
for
_xpcshell_
)
jobs
on
Treeherder
.
[
xpcshell
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
QA
/
Writing_xpcshell
-
based_unit_tests
Browser
chrome
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
also
have
a
set
of
functional
[
browser
chrome
]
tests
located
under
_remote
/
test
/
browser_
:
%
.
/
mach
mochitest
remote
/
test
/
browser
/
browser_cdp
.
js
The
functional
tests
will
appear
under
the
M
(
for
_mochitest_
)
category
in
the
remote
jobs
on
Treeherder
.
As
the
functional
tests
will
sporadically
pop
up
new
Firefox
application
windows
a
helpful
tip
is
to
run
them
in
[
headless
mode
]
:
%
.
/
mach
mochitest
-
-
headless
remote
/
test
/
browser
The
-
-
headless
flag
is
equivalent
to
setting
the
MOZ_HEADLESS
environment
variable
.
You
can
additionally
use
MOZ_HEADLESS_WIDTH
and
MOZ_HEADLESS_HEIGHT
to
control
the
dimensions
of
the
virtual
display
.
The
add_task
(
)
function
used
for
writing
[
asynchronous
tests
]
is
replaced
to
provide
some
additional
test
setup
and
teardown
useful
for
writing
tests
against
the
remote
agent
and
the
targets
.
Before
the
task
is
run
the
nsIRemoteAgent
listener
is
started
and
a
[
CDP
client
]
is
connected
.
You
will
use
this
CDP
client
for
interacting
with
the
agent
just
as
any
other
CDP
client
would
.
Also
target
discovery
is
getting
enabled
which
means
that
targetCreated
targetDestroyed
and
targetInfoChanged
events
will
be
received
by
the
client
.
The
task
function
you
provide
in
your
test
will
be
called
with
the
three
arguments
client
CDP
and
tab
:
-
client
is
the
connection
to
the
nsIRemoteAgent
listener
and
it
provides
the
a
client
CDP
API
-
CDP
is
the
CDP
client
class
-
tab
is
a
fresh
tab
opened
for
each
new
test
and
is
automatically
removed
after
the
test
has
run
This
is
what
it
looks
like
all
put
together
:
add_task
(
async
function
testName
(
{
client
CDP
tab
}
)
{
/
/
test
tab
is
implicitly
created
for
us
info
(
"
Current
URL
:
"
+
tab
.
linkedBrowser
.
currentURI
.
spec
)
;
/
/
manually
connect
to
a
specific
target
const
{
mainProcessTarget
}
=
RemoteAgent
.
targets
;
const
target
=
mainProcessTarget
.
wsDebuggerURL
;
const
client
=
await
CDP
(
{
target
}
)
;
/
/
retrieve
the
Browser
domain
and
call
getVersion
(
)
on
it
const
{
Browser
}
=
client
;
const
version
=
await
Browser
.
getVersion
(
)
;
await
client
.
close
(
)
;
/
/
tab
is
implicitly
removed
}
)
;
You
can
control
the
tab
creation
behaviour
with
the
createTab
option
to
add_task
(
taskFunction
options
)
:
add_task
(
async
function
testName
(
{
client
}
)
{
/
/
tab
is
not
implicitly
created
}
{
createTab
:
false
}
)
;
If
you
want
to
write
an
asynchronous
test
_without_
this
implicit
setup
you
may
instead
use
add_plain_task
(
)
which
works
exactly
like
the
original
add_task
(
)
.
[
browser
chrome
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Browser_chrome_tests
[
headless
mode
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
Firefox
/
Headless_mode
[
asynchronous
tests
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Browser_chrome_tests
#
Test_functions
[
CDP
client
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
cyrus
-
and
/
chrome
-
remote
-
interface
Puppeteer
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
addition
to
our
own
Firefox
-
specific
tests
we
run
the
upstream
[
Puppeteer
test
suite
]
against
our
implementation
to
[
track
progress
]
towards
achieving
full
[
Puppeteer
support
]
in
Firefox
.
The
tests
are
written
in
the
behaviour
-
driven
testing
framework
[
Mocha
]
.
Puppeteer
tests
are
vendored
under
_remote
/
test
/
puppeteer
/
_
and
are
run
locally
like
this
:
%
.
/
mach
puppeteer
-
test
You
can
also
run
them
against
Chrome
as
:
%
.
/
mach
puppeteer
-
test
-
-
product
=
chrome
-
-
subset
-
-
subset
disables
a
check
for
missing
or
skipped
tests
in
our
log
parsing
.
This
check
is
typically
not
relevant
when
running
against
Chrome
.
To
schedule
the
tests
on
try
look
for
source
-
test
-
remote
-
puppeteer
in
.
/
mach
try
fuzzy
.
On
try
they
appear
under
the
remote
(
pup
)
symbol
.
Test
expectation
metadata
is
collected
in
_remote
/
puppeteer
-
expected
.
json_
via
log
parsing
and
a
custom
Mocha
reporter
under
_remote
/
test
/
puppeteer
/
json
-
mocha
-
reporter
.
js_
[
Puppeteer
test
suite
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
puppeteer
/
puppeteer
/
blob
/
master
/
test
/
README
.
md
[
track
progress
]
:
https
:
/
/
puppeteer
.
github
.
io
/
ispuppeteerfirefoxready
/
[
Puppeteer
support
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
puppeteer
[
Mocha
]
:
https
:
/
/
mochajs
.
org
/

Commit message:

Bug 1670286 - [remote] Update Puppeteer-vendoring documentation r=remote-protocol-reviewers,whimboo
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D97810

UltraBlame original commit: b6931471192607726aa261f7aa954f9c914ea0ab

remote/doc/Testing.md, after:

Testing
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
The
remote
agent
has
unit
-
and
functional
tests
located
under
remote
/
test
/
{
unit
browser
}
.
You
may
run
all
the
tests
under
a
particular
subfolder
like
this
:
%
.
/
mach
test
remote
Unit
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Because
tests
are
run
in
parallel
and
[
xpcshell
]
itself
is
quite
chatty
it
can
sometimes
be
useful
to
run
the
tests
in
sequence
:
%
.
/
mach
xpcshell
-
test
-
-
sequential
remote
/
test
/
unit
/
test_DomainCache
.
js
The
unit
tests
will
appear
as
part
of
the
X
(
for
_xpcshell_
)
jobs
on
Treeherder
.
[
xpcshell
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
QA
/
Writing_xpcshell
-
based_unit_tests
Browser
chrome
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
also
have
a
set
of
functional
[
browser
chrome
]
tests
located
under
_remote
/
test
/
browser_
:
%
.
/
mach
mochitest
remote
/
test
/
browser
/
browser_cdp
.
js
The
functional
tests
will
appear
under
the
M
(
for
_mochitest_
)
category
in
the
remote
jobs
on
Treeherder
.
As
the
functional
tests
will
sporadically
pop
up
new
Firefox
application
windows
a
helpful
tip
is
to
run
them
in
[
headless
mode
]
:
%
.
/
mach
mochitest
-
-
headless
remote
/
test
/
browser
The
-
-
headless
flag
is
equivalent
to
setting
the
MOZ_HEADLESS
environment
variable
.
You
can
additionally
use
MOZ_HEADLESS_WIDTH
and
MOZ_HEADLESS_HEIGHT
to
control
the
dimensions
of
the
virtual
display
.
The
add_task
(
)
function
used
for
writing
[
asynchronous
tests
]
is
replaced
to
provide
some
additional
test
setup
and
teardown
useful
for
writing
tests
against
the
remote
agent
and
the
targets
.
Before
the
task
is
run
the
nsIRemoteAgent
listener
is
started
and
a
[
CDP
client
]
is
connected
.
You
will
use
this
CDP
client
for
interacting
with
the
agent
just
as
any
other
CDP
client
would
.
Also
target
discovery
is
getting
enabled
which
means
that
targetCreated
targetDestroyed
and
targetInfoChanged
events
will
be
received
by
the
client
.
The
task
function
you
provide
in
your
test
will
be
called
with
the
three
arguments
client
CDP
and
tab
:
-
client
is
the
connection
to
the
nsIRemoteAgent
listener
and
it
provides
the
a
client
CDP
API
-
CDP
is
the
CDP
client
class
-
tab
is
a
fresh
tab
opened
for
each
new
test
and
is
automatically
removed
after
the
test
has
run
This
is
what
it
looks
like
all
put
together
:
add_task
(
async
function
testName
(
{
client
CDP
tab
}
)
{
/
/
test
tab
is
implicitly
created
for
us
info
(
"
Current
URL
:
"
+
tab
.
linkedBrowser
.
currentURI
.
spec
)
;
/
/
manually
connect
to
a
specific
target
const
{
mainProcessTarget
}
=
RemoteAgent
.
targets
;
const
target
=
mainProcessTarget
.
wsDebuggerURL
;
const
client
=
await
CDP
(
{
target
}
)
;
/
/
retrieve
the
Browser
domain
and
call
getVersion
(
)
on
it
const
{
Browser
}
=
client
;
const
version
=
await
Browser
.
getVersion
(
)
;
await
client
.
close
(
)
;
/
/
tab
is
implicitly
removed
}
)
;
You
can
control
the
tab
creation
behaviour
with
the
createTab
option
to
add_task
(
taskFunction
options
)
:
add_task
(
async
function
testName
(
{
client
}
)
{
/
/
tab
is
not
implicitly
created
}
{
createTab
:
false
}
)
;
If
you
want
to
write
an
asynchronous
test
_without_
this
implicit
setup
you
may
instead
use
add_plain_task
(
)
which
works
exactly
like
the
original
add_task
(
)
.
[
browser
chrome
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Browser_chrome_tests
[
headless
mode
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
Firefox
/
Headless_mode
[
asynchronous
tests
]
:
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Browser_chrome_tests
#
Test_functions
[
CDP
client
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
cyrus
-
and
/
chrome
-
remote
-
interface
Puppeteer
tests
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
addition
to
our
own
Firefox
-
specific
tests
we
run
the
upstream
[
Puppeteer
test
suite
]
against
our
implementation
to
[
track
progress
]
towards
achieving
full
[
Puppeteer
support
]
in
Firefox
.
The
tests
are
written
in
the
behaviour
-
driven
testing
framework
[
Mocha
]
.
Check
the
upstream
[
Puppeteer
test
suite
]
documentation
for
instructions
on
how
to
skip
tests
run
only
one
test
or
a
subsuite
of
tests
.
Puppeteer
tests
are
vendored
under
_remote
/
test
/
puppeteer
/
_
and
are
run
locally
like
this
:
%
.
/
mach
puppeteer
-
test
You
can
also
run
them
against
Chrome
as
:
%
.
/
mach
puppeteer
-
test
-
-
product
=
chrome
-
-
subset
-
-
subset
disables
a
check
for
missing
or
skipped
tests
in
our
log
parsing
.
This
check
is
typically
not
relevant
when
running
against
Chrome
.
To
schedule
the
tests
on
try
look
for
source
-
test
-
remote
-
puppeteer
in
.
/
mach
try
fuzzy
.
On
try
they
appear
under
the
remote
(
pup
)
symbol
.
Test
expectation
metadata
is
collected
in
_remote
/
puppeteer
-
expected
.
json_
via
log
parsing
and
a
custom
Mocha
reporter
under
_remote
/
test
/
puppeteer
/
json
-
mocha
-
reporter
.
js_
[
Puppeteer
test
suite
]
:
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
puppeteer
/
puppeteer
/
blob
/
master
/
test
/
README
.
md
[
track
progress
]
:
https
:
/
/
puppeteer
.
github
.
io
/
ispuppeteerfirefoxready
/
[
Puppeteer
support
]
:
https
:
/
/
bugzilla
.
mozilla
.
org
/
show_bug
.
cgi
?
id
=
puppeteer
[
Mocha
]
:
https
:
/
/
mochajs
.
org
/
