third_party/libwebrtc/g3doc/field-trials.md, before:

<
!
-
-
go
/
cmark
-
-
>
<
!
-
-
*
freshness
:
{
owner
:
'
lndmrk
'
reviewed
:
'
2022
-
06
-
23
'
}
*
-
-
>
#
Field
trials
WebRTC
provides
some
means
to
alter
its
default
behavior
during
run
-
time
colloquially
known
as
*
field
trials
*
.
This
is
foremost
used
for
A
/
B
testing
new
features
and
are
related
to
[
Chromium
field
trials
]
(
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
main
/
testing
/
variations
/
README
.
md
)
to
facilitate
interoperability
.
A
field
trial
consist
of
a
key
-
value
pair
of
strings
.
By
convention
the
field
trial
key
is
prefixed
with
WebRTC
-
and
each
word
is
capitalized
without
spaces
.
Sometimes
the
key
is
further
subdivided
into
a
category
for
example
WebRTC
-
MyCategory
-
MyExperiment
.
The
field
trial
value
is
an
opaque
string
and
it
is
up
to
the
author
to
define
what
it
represents
.
There
are
[
helper
functions
]
(
https
:
/
/
webrtc
.
googlesource
.
com
/
src
/
+
/
refs
/
heads
/
main
/
api
/
field_trials_view
.
h
)
to
use
a
field
trial
as
a
boolean
with
the
string
Enabled
representing
true
and
Disabled
representing
false
.
You
can
also
use
[
field
trial
parameters
]
(
https
:
/
/
webrtc
.
googlesource
.
com
/
src
/
+
/
refs
/
heads
/
main
/
rtc_base
/
experiments
/
field_trial_parser
.
h
)
if
you
wish
to
encode
more
elaborate
data
types
.
The
set
of
field
trials
can
be
instantiated
from
a
single
string
with
the
format
<
key
-
1
>
/
<
value
-
1
>
/
<
key
-
2
>
/
<
value
-
2
>
/
.
Note
the
final
/
at
the
end
!
In
Chromium
you
can
launch
with
the
-
-
force
-
fieldtrials
flag
to
instantiate
field
trials
this
way
for
example
:
-
-
force
-
fieldtrials
=
"
WebRTC
-
Foo
/
Enabled
/
WebRTC
-
Bar
/
Disabled
/
"
#
#
Policy
The
policy
for
field
trials
is
:
-
A
field
trial
should
only
be
used
to
test
out
new
code
or
parameters
for
a
limited
time
period
.
It
should
not
be
used
for
configuring
persistent
behavior
.
-
The
field
trial
must
have
an
end
date
.
The
end
date
may
be
pushed
back
if
necessary
but
should
not
be
pushed
back
indefinitely
.
-
A
field
trial
must
be
associated
with
a
bug
that
-
reserves
the
field
trial
key
-
is
open
and
-
is
assigned
to
an
owner
.
#
#
Creating
a
field
trial
Before
creating
a
new
field
trial
make
sure
to
read
the
[
policy
]
(
#
policy
)
.
Either
create
a
new
or
reuse
an
existing
bug
and
make
it
is
open
and
assigned
to
the
correct
owner
.
Take
note
of
the
bug
ID
.
Next
decide
how
long
you
need
the
field
trial
to
last
.
It
should
be
rare
to
have
field
trials
lasting
more
than
12
months
.
Using
this
information
add
a
new
entry
to
ACTIVE_FIELD_TRIALS
in
experiments
/
field_trials
.
py
.
You
may
not
add
new
items
to
POLICY_EXEMPT_FIELD_TRIALS
since
it
is
reserved
for
field
trials
that
were
created
before
the
policy
was
in
place
.
#
#
Removing
a
field
trial
Any
field
trial
that
has
expired
or
otherwise
is
not
needed
anymore
may
be
removed
by
following
these
steps
:
-
Remove
all
references
from
the
code
base
.
You
can
find
these
by
e
.
g
.
grepping
for
the
field
trial
key
.
-
Clean
up
potential
glue
code
that
might
have
been
added
.
-
Remove
the
field
trial
from
ACTIVE_FIELD_TRIALS
in
experiments
/
field_trials
.
py
.
-
If
all
work
is
finished
also
close
the
associated
bug
.

Commit message:

Bug 1867099 - Vendor libwebrtc from a61b334a12
Upstream commit: https://webrtc.googlesource.com/src/+/a61b334a12c7556c64887e1c553fd822d060881d
    Relax the field trial policy to not require an open bug

    Having an associated bug with an owner should be sufficient information
    for determining the status of a field trial. See the discussion starting
    at [1] for more context.

    [1] https://crbug.com/webrtc/14154#c11

    Bug: webrtc:14154
    No-Try: true
    Change-Id: I7054ba25eac2af852a0d08770037938571e38921
    Reviewed-on: https://webrtc-review.googlesource.com/c/src/+/321862
    Reviewed-by: Mirko Bonadei <mbonadeiwebrtc.org>
    Reviewed-by: Philipp Hancke <phanckemicrosoft.com>
    Reviewed-by: Harald Alvestrand <htawebrtc.org>
    Commit-Queue: Emil Lundmark <lndmrkwebrtc.org>
    Cr-Commit-Position: refs/heads/main{#40837}

UltraBlame original commit: de77b1be1f733d759721bf8703aea49f6aff342c

third_party/libwebrtc/g3doc/field-trials.md, after:

<
!
-
-
go
/
cmark
-
-
>
<
!
-
-
*
freshness
:
{
owner
:
'
lndmrk
'
reviewed
:
'
2022
-
06
-
23
'
}
*
-
-
>
#
Field
trials
WebRTC
provides
some
means
to
alter
its
default
behavior
during
run
-
time
colloquially
known
as
*
field
trials
*
.
This
is
foremost
used
for
A
/
B
testing
new
features
and
are
related
to
[
Chromium
field
trials
]
(
https
:
/
/
chromium
.
googlesource
.
com
/
chromium
/
src
/
+
/
main
/
testing
/
variations
/
README
.
md
)
to
facilitate
interoperability
.
A
field
trial
consist
of
a
key
-
value
pair
of
strings
.
By
convention
the
field
trial
key
is
prefixed
with
WebRTC
-
and
each
word
is
capitalized
without
spaces
.
Sometimes
the
key
is
further
subdivided
into
a
category
for
example
WebRTC
-
MyCategory
-
MyExperiment
.
The
field
trial
value
is
an
opaque
string
and
it
is
up
to
the
author
to
define
what
it
represents
.
There
are
[
helper
functions
]
(
https
:
/
/
webrtc
.
googlesource
.
com
/
src
/
+
/
refs
/
heads
/
main
/
api
/
field_trials_view
.
h
)
to
use
a
field
trial
as
a
boolean
with
the
string
Enabled
representing
true
and
Disabled
representing
false
.
You
can
also
use
[
field
trial
parameters
]
(
https
:
/
/
webrtc
.
googlesource
.
com
/
src
/
+
/
refs
/
heads
/
main
/
rtc_base
/
experiments
/
field_trial_parser
.
h
)
if
you
wish
to
encode
more
elaborate
data
types
.
The
set
of
field
trials
can
be
instantiated
from
a
single
string
with
the
format
<
key
-
1
>
/
<
value
-
1
>
/
<
key
-
2
>
/
<
value
-
2
>
/
.
Note
the
final
/
at
the
end
!
In
Chromium
you
can
launch
with
the
-
-
force
-
fieldtrials
flag
to
instantiate
field
trials
this
way
for
example
:
-
-
force
-
fieldtrials
=
"
WebRTC
-
Foo
/
Enabled
/
WebRTC
-
Bar
/
Disabled
/
"
#
#
Policy
The
policy
for
field
trials
is
:
-
A
field
trial
should
only
be
used
to
test
out
new
code
or
parameters
for
a
limited
time
period
.
It
should
not
be
used
for
configuring
persistent
behavior
.
-
The
field
trial
must
have
an
end
date
.
The
end
date
may
be
pushed
back
if
necessary
but
should
not
be
pushed
back
indefinitely
.
-
A
field
trial
must
be
associated
with
a
bug
that
-
reserves
the
field
trial
key
and
-
is
assigned
to
an
owner
.
#
#
Creating
a
field
trial
Before
creating
a
new
field
trial
make
sure
to
read
the
[
policy
]
(
#
policy
)
.
Either
create
a
new
or
reuse
an
existing
bug
and
make
sure
it
is
assigned
to
the
correct
owner
.
Take
note
of
the
bug
ID
.
Next
decide
how
long
you
need
the
field
trial
to
last
.
It
should
be
rare
to
have
field
trials
lasting
more
than
12
months
.
You
can
use
the
NextAction
field
in
the
bug
to
help
you
remember
the
end
date
.
Using
this
information
add
a
new
entry
to
ACTIVE_FIELD_TRIALS
in
experiments
/
field_trials
.
py
.
You
may
not
add
new
items
to
POLICY_EXEMPT_FIELD_TRIALS
since
it
is
reserved
for
field
trials
that
were
created
before
the
policy
was
in
place
.
#
#
Removing
a
field
trial
Any
field
trial
that
has
expired
or
otherwise
is
not
needed
anymore
may
be
removed
by
following
these
steps
:
-
Remove
all
references
from
the
code
base
.
You
can
find
these
by
e
.
g
.
grepping
for
the
field
trial
key
.
-
Clean
up
potential
glue
code
that
might
have
been
added
.
-
Remove
the
field
trial
from
ACTIVE_FIELD_TRIALS
in
experiments
/
field_trials
.
py
.
-
If
all
work
is
finished
also
close
the
associated
bug
.
