docs/contributing/contribution_quickref.rst, before:

Firefox
Contributors
'
Quick
Reference
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
parts
of
this
process
including
cloning
and
compiling
can
take
a
long
time
even
on
modern
hardware
.
If
at
any
point
you
get
stuck
please
don
'
t
hesitate
to
ask
at
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
>
__
in
the
#
introduction
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
/
#
/
room
/
#
introduction
:
mozilla
.
org
>
__
channel
.
Clone
the
sources
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
use
either
mercurial
or
git
.
Mercurial
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mercurial
-
scm
.
org
/
downloads
>
__
is
the
canonical
version
control
system
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
hg
clone
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
For
git
see
the
git
cinnabar
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
glandium
/
git
-
cinnabar
/
wiki
/
Mozilla
:
-
A
-
git
-
workflow
-
for
-
Gecko
-
development
>
__
The
clone
can
take
from
40
minutes
to
two
hours
(
depending
on
your
connection
)
and
the
repository
should
be
less
than
5GB
(
~
20GB
after
the
build
)
.
If
you
have
any
network
connection
issues
and
cannot
clone
with
command
try
:
ref
:
Mercurial
bundles
<
Mercurial
bundles
>
.
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Mercurial
Overview
>
Install
dependencies
(
non
-
Windows
)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Firefox
provides
a
mechanism
to
install
all
dependencies
;
in
the
source
tree
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
bootstrap
The
default
options
are
recommended
.
If
you
'
re
not
planning
to
write
C
+
+
or
Rust
code
select
:
ref
:
Artifact
Mode
<
Artifact
builds
>
and
follow
the
instructions
at
the
end
of
the
bootstrap
for
creating
a
mozconfig
file
.
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Building
Firefox
On
Linux
>
Windows
dependencies
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
#
.
You
need
64
-
bit
version
of
Windows
7
or
later
.
#
.
Download
and
install
Visual
Studio
Community
Edition
.
<
https
:
/
/
visualstudio
.
microsoft
.
com
/
downloads
/
>
__
#
.
Finally
download
the
MozillaBuild
Package
.
<
https
:
/
/
ftp
.
mozilla
.
org
/
pub
/
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
/
libraries
/
win32
/
MozillaBuildSetup
-
Latest
.
exe
>
__
Installation
directory
should
be
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
c
:
\
mozilla
-
build
\
#
.
Before
moving
on
to
the
next
steps
make
sure
to
fulfill
the
:
ref
:
Windows
prerequisites
<
Building
Firefox
On
Windows
>
.
.
note
:
:
All
the
commands
of
this
tutorial
must
be
run
in
the
shell
provided
with
the
MozillaBuild
Package
(
start
-
shell
.
bat
)
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Building
Firefox
On
Windows
>
To
build
&
run
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
all
the
dependencies
have
been
installed
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
build
which
will
check
for
dependencies
and
start
the
build
.
This
will
take
a
while
;
a
few
minutes
to
a
few
hours
depending
on
your
hardware
.
.
.
note
:
:
The
default
build
is
a
compiled
build
with
optimizations
.
Check
out
the
mozconfig
file
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Configuring_Build_Options
>
__
to
see
other
build
options
.
If
you
don
'
t
plan
to
change
C
+
+
or
Rust
code
an
:
ref
:
artifact
build
<
Artifact
builds
>
will
be
faster
.
To
run
it
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
run
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Simple_Firefox_build
/
Linux_and_MacOS_build_preparation
>
__
To
write
a
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Make
the
changes
you
need
in
the
codebase
.
You
can
look
up
UI
text
in
Searchfox
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
>
__
to
find
the
right
file
.
Then
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
commit
#
Git
git
commit
The
commit
message
should
look
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
Bug
xxxx
-
Short
description
of
your
change
.
r
?
reviewer
Optionally
a
longer
description
of
the
change
.
To
:
ref
:
find
a
reviewer
or
a
review
group
<
Getting
reviews
>
the
easiest
way
is
to
do
hg
log
<
modified
-
file
>
(
or
git
log
<
modified
-
file
>
if
you
'
re
using
git
)
on
the
relevant
files
and
look
who
usually
is
reviewing
the
actual
changes
(
ie
not
reformat
renaming
of
variables
etc
)
.
To
visualize
your
patch
in
the
repository
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
wip
#
Git
git
show
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Mercurial
Overview
>
To
test
a
change
locally
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
run
the
tests
use
mach
test
with
the
path
.
However
it
isn
t
always
easy
to
parse
the
results
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
test
dom
/
serviceworkers
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
QA
/
Automated_testing
>
__
To
test
a
change
remotely
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Running
all
the
tests
for
Firefox
takes
a
very
long
time
and
requires
multiple
operating
systems
with
various
configurations
.
To
build
Firefox
and
run
its
tests
on
continuous
integration
servers
(
CI
)
two
commands
are
available
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
try
chooser
To
select
jobs
running
a
fuzzy
search
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
try
fuzzy
From
Treeherder
<
https
:
/
/
treeherder
.
mozilla
.
org
/
>
__
(
our
continuous
integration
system
)
it
is
also
possible
to
attach
new
jobs
.
As
every
review
has
a
try
CI
run
associated
it
makes
this
work
easier
.
See
:
ref
:
attach
-
job
-
review
for
more
information
.
.
.
note
:
:
This
requires
level
1
commit
access
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
access
-
policy
/
>
__
.
You
can
ask
your
reviewer
to
submit
the
patch
for
you
if
you
don
'
t
have
that
level
of
access
.
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Try
Server
>
To
submit
a
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
submit
a
patch
for
review
we
use
a
tool
called
moz
-
phab
<
https
:
/
/
pypi
.
org
/
project
/
MozPhab
/
>
__
.
To
install
it
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
install
-
moz
-
phab
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
moz
-
phab
It
will
publish
all
the
currently
applied
patches
to
Phabricator
and
inform
the
reviewer
.
If
you
wrote
several
patches
on
top
of
each
other
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
moz
-
phab
submit
<
first_revision
>
:
:
<
last_revision
>
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
phabricator
-
user
.
html
>
__
To
update
a
submitted
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
rare
that
a
reviewer
will
accept
the
first
version
of
patch
.
Moreover
as
the
code
review
bot
might
suggest
some
improvements
changes
to
your
patch
may
be
required
.
Run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
commit
-
-
amend
#
Git
git
commit
-
-
amend
After
amending
the
patch
you
will
need
to
submit
it
using
moz
-
phab
again
.
If
you
wrote
many
changes
you
can
squash
or
edit
commits
with
the
command
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
histedit
#
Git
git
rebase
-
i
The
submission
step
is
the
same
as
for
the
initial
patch
.
Retrieve
new
changes
from
the
repository
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
pull
changes
from
the
repository
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
pull
-
-
rebase
#
Git
git
pull
-
-
rebase
To
push
a
change
in
the
code
base
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
the
change
has
been
accepted
ask
the
reviewer
if
they
could
land
the
change
.
They
don
t
have
an
easy
way
to
know
if
a
contributor
has
permission
to
land
it
or
not
.
If
the
reviewer
does
not
land
the
patch
after
a
few
days
add
the
*
Check
-
in
Needed
*
Tags
to
the
review
(
*
Edit
Revision
*
)
.
The
landing
procedure
will
automatically
close
the
review
and
the
bug
.
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
How_to_Submit_a_Patch
#
Submitting_the_patch
>
__
Contributing
to
GeckoView
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Note
that
the
GeckoView
setup
and
contribution
processes
are
different
from
those
of
Firefox
;
GeckoView
setup
and
contribution
docs
live
in
geckoview
.
dev
<
https
:
/
/
geckoview
.
dev
>
__
.
More
documentation
about
contribution
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Introduction
https
:
/
/
mozilla
-
version
-
control
-
tools
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
devguide
/
contributing
.
html
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
phabricator
-
user
.
html

Commit message:

Bug 1645384 - Fix "More information" broken link at "Install Dependencies (non-Windows)" section in Quick Reference doc r=sylvestre
Link it to both "Building Firefox On Linux" and "Building Firefox On MacOS" docs

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D79466

UltraBlame original commit: 71d0f6e8994d0ad7eba545c69fc142a527b72c21

docs/contributing/contribution_quickref.rst, after:

Firefox
Contributors
'
Quick
Reference
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Some
parts
of
this
process
including
cloning
and
compiling
can
take
a
long
time
even
on
modern
hardware
.
If
at
any
point
you
get
stuck
please
don
'
t
hesitate
to
ask
at
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
>
__
in
the
#
introduction
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
/
#
/
room
/
#
introduction
:
mozilla
.
org
>
__
channel
.
Clone
the
sources
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
You
can
use
either
mercurial
or
git
.
Mercurial
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mercurial
-
scm
.
org
/
downloads
>
__
is
the
canonical
version
control
system
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
hg
clone
https
:
/
/
hg
.
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
For
git
see
the
git
cinnabar
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
github
.
com
/
glandium
/
git
-
cinnabar
/
wiki
/
Mozilla
:
-
A
-
git
-
workflow
-
for
-
Gecko
-
development
>
__
The
clone
can
take
from
40
minutes
to
two
hours
(
depending
on
your
connection
)
and
the
repository
should
be
less
than
5GB
(
~
20GB
after
the
build
)
.
If
you
have
any
network
connection
issues
and
cannot
clone
with
command
try
:
ref
:
Mercurial
bundles
<
Mercurial
bundles
>
.
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Mercurial
Overview
>
Install
dependencies
(
non
-
Windows
)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Firefox
provides
a
mechanism
to
install
all
dependencies
;
in
the
source
tree
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
bootstrap
The
default
options
are
recommended
.
If
you
'
re
not
planning
to
write
C
+
+
or
Rust
code
select
:
ref
:
Artifact
Mode
<
Artifact
builds
>
and
follow
the
instructions
at
the
end
of
the
bootstrap
for
creating
a
mozconfig
file
.
More
information
:
ref
:
for
Linux
<
Building
Firefox
On
Linux
>
and
:
ref
:
for
MacOS
<
Building
Firefox
On
MacOS
>
Windows
dependencies
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
#
.
You
need
64
-
bit
version
of
Windows
7
or
later
.
#
.
Download
and
install
Visual
Studio
Community
Edition
.
<
https
:
/
/
visualstudio
.
microsoft
.
com
/
downloads
/
>
__
#
.
Finally
download
the
MozillaBuild
Package
.
<
https
:
/
/
ftp
.
mozilla
.
org
/
pub
/
mozilla
.
org
/
mozilla
/
libraries
/
win32
/
MozillaBuildSetup
-
Latest
.
exe
>
__
Installation
directory
should
be
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
c
:
\
mozilla
-
build
\
#
.
Before
moving
on
to
the
next
steps
make
sure
to
fulfill
the
:
ref
:
Windows
prerequisites
<
Building
Firefox
On
Windows
>
.
.
note
:
:
All
the
commands
of
this
tutorial
must
be
run
in
the
shell
provided
with
the
MozillaBuild
Package
(
start
-
shell
.
bat
)
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Building
Firefox
On
Windows
>
To
build
&
run
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
all
the
dependencies
have
been
installed
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
build
which
will
check
for
dependencies
and
start
the
build
.
This
will
take
a
while
;
a
few
minutes
to
a
few
hours
depending
on
your
hardware
.
.
.
note
:
:
The
default
build
is
a
compiled
build
with
optimizations
.
Check
out
the
mozconfig
file
documentation
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Configuring_Build_Options
>
__
to
see
other
build
options
.
If
you
don
'
t
plan
to
change
C
+
+
or
Rust
code
an
:
ref
:
artifact
build
<
Artifact
builds
>
will
be
faster
.
To
run
it
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
run
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Build_Instructions
/
Simple_Firefox_build
/
Linux_and_MacOS_build_preparation
>
__
To
write
a
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Make
the
changes
you
need
in
the
codebase
.
You
can
look
up
UI
text
in
Searchfox
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
>
__
to
find
the
right
file
.
Then
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
commit
#
Git
git
commit
The
commit
message
should
look
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
Bug
xxxx
-
Short
description
of
your
change
.
r
?
reviewer
Optionally
a
longer
description
of
the
change
.
To
:
ref
:
find
a
reviewer
or
a
review
group
<
Getting
reviews
>
the
easiest
way
is
to
do
hg
log
<
modified
-
file
>
(
or
git
log
<
modified
-
file
>
if
you
'
re
using
git
)
on
the
relevant
files
and
look
who
usually
is
reviewing
the
actual
changes
(
ie
not
reformat
renaming
of
variables
etc
)
.
To
visualize
your
patch
in
the
repository
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
wip
#
Git
git
show
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Mercurial
Overview
>
To
test
a
change
locally
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
run
the
tests
use
mach
test
with
the
path
.
However
it
isn
t
always
easy
to
parse
the
results
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
test
dom
/
serviceworkers
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
QA
/
Automated_testing
>
__
To
test
a
change
remotely
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Running
all
the
tests
for
Firefox
takes
a
very
long
time
and
requires
multiple
operating
systems
with
various
configurations
.
To
build
Firefox
and
run
its
tests
on
continuous
integration
servers
(
CI
)
two
commands
are
available
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
try
chooser
To
select
jobs
running
a
fuzzy
search
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
try
fuzzy
From
Treeherder
<
https
:
/
/
treeherder
.
mozilla
.
org
/
>
__
(
our
continuous
integration
system
)
it
is
also
possible
to
attach
new
jobs
.
As
every
review
has
a
try
CI
run
associated
it
makes
this
work
easier
.
See
:
ref
:
attach
-
job
-
review
for
more
information
.
.
.
note
:
:
This
requires
level
1
commit
access
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
access
-
policy
/
>
__
.
You
can
ask
your
reviewer
to
submit
the
patch
for
you
if
you
don
'
t
have
that
level
of
access
.
:
ref
:
More
information
<
Try
Server
>
To
submit
a
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
submit
a
patch
for
review
we
use
a
tool
called
moz
-
phab
<
https
:
/
/
pypi
.
org
/
project
/
MozPhab
/
>
__
.
To
install
it
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
install
-
moz
-
phab
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
moz
-
phab
It
will
publish
all
the
currently
applied
patches
to
Phabricator
and
inform
the
reviewer
.
If
you
wrote
several
patches
on
top
of
each
other
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
moz
-
phab
submit
<
first_revision
>
:
:
<
last_revision
>
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
phabricator
-
user
.
html
>
__
To
update
a
submitted
patch
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
rare
that
a
reviewer
will
accept
the
first
version
of
patch
.
Moreover
as
the
code
review
bot
might
suggest
some
improvements
changes
to
your
patch
may
be
required
.
Run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
commit
-
-
amend
#
Git
git
commit
-
-
amend
After
amending
the
patch
you
will
need
to
submit
it
using
moz
-
phab
again
.
If
you
wrote
many
changes
you
can
squash
or
edit
commits
with
the
command
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
histedit
#
Git
git
rebase
-
i
The
submission
step
is
the
same
as
for
the
initial
patch
.
Retrieve
new
changes
from
the
repository
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
To
pull
changes
from
the
repository
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
#
Mercurial
hg
pull
-
-
rebase
#
Git
git
pull
-
-
rebase
To
push
a
change
in
the
code
base
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
the
change
has
been
accepted
ask
the
reviewer
if
they
could
land
the
change
.
They
don
t
have
an
easy
way
to
know
if
a
contributor
has
permission
to
land
it
or
not
.
If
the
reviewer
does
not
land
the
patch
after
a
few
days
add
the
*
Check
-
in
Needed
*
Tags
to
the
review
(
*
Edit
Revision
*
)
.
The
landing
procedure
will
automatically
close
the
review
and
the
bug
.
More
information
<
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
How_to_Submit_a_Patch
#
Submitting_the_patch
>
__
Contributing
to
GeckoView
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Note
that
the
GeckoView
setup
and
contribution
processes
are
different
from
those
of
Firefox
;
GeckoView
setup
and
contribution
docs
live
in
geckoview
.
dev
<
https
:
/
/
geckoview
.
dev
>
__
.
More
documentation
about
contribution
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
https
:
/
/
developer
.
mozilla
.
org
/
docs
/
Mozilla
/
Developer_guide
/
Introduction
https
:
/
/
mozilla
-
version
-
control
-
tools
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
devguide
/
contributing
.
html
https
:
/
/
moz
-
conduit
.
readthedocs
.
io
/
en
/
latest
/
phabricator
-
user
.
html
