docs/contributing/levelling-up.rst, before:

Levelling
up
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Once
you
ve
fixed
a
few
bugs
it
s
quite
likely
that
we
ll
ask
you
to
complete
one
or
more
of
the
following
steps
.
They
will
grant
you
access
to
useful
Mozilla
infrastructure
for
testing
or
landing
code
automatically
so
you
can
be
more
autonomous
and
able
to
contribute
with
less
supervision
.
If
you
re
curious
the
Mozilla
Commit
Access
Policy
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
access
-
policy
/
>
__
page
explains
what
does
each
level
mean
.
Request
commit
access
level
1
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
this
is
granted
you
can
use
the
Try
server
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
ReleaseEngineering
/
TryServer
>
__
for
running
automated
tests
of
your
code
.
To
request
this
follow
the
instructions
here
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
>
__
to
file
a
bug
with
the
title
Commit
Access
(
Level
1
)
for
{
your
name
}
and
continue
with
steps
such
as
adding
the
public
SSH
key
etc
(
it
s
not
enough
with
just
filing
the
bug
!
)
.
The
person
that
asked
you
to
request
this
can
also
vouch
for
you
.
Request
commit
access
level
3
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
After
you
landed
a
few
bugs
that
are
more
advanced
than
the
good
-
first
-
bugs
and
you
feel
confident
about
your
contributions
as
well
as
the
process
you
can
request
level
3
access
.
Once
this
is
granted
you
will
get
access
to
Lando
the
autoland
feature
.
To
request
this
follow
the
instructions
here
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
>
__
to
file
a
bug
with
the
title
Commit
Access
(
Level
3
)
for
{
your
name
}
.
The
person
that
asked
you
to
request
this
can
also
vouch
for
you
and
at
this
point
you
might
already
know
a
few
other
people
who
will
vouch
for
you
.
You
need
two
vouchers
.
If
you
reach
this
level
well
done
!
That
s
amazing
and
we
re
glad
to
have
you
on
board

Commit message:

no bug - doc: minor changes in the levelling up doc + update of the references r=devtools-reviewers,nchevobbe
Depends on D194525

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D194526

UltraBlame original commit: 4cbc6370bbb0dd5af908a867c6a1ff586b6d2083

docs/contributing/levelling-up.rst, after:

Levelling
up
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
Once
you
ve
fixed
a
few
bugs
it
s
quite
likely
that
we
ll
ask
you
to
complete
one
or
more
of
the
following
steps
.
They
will
grant
you
access
to
useful
Mozilla
infrastructure
for
testing
or
landing
code
automatically
so
you
can
be
more
autonomous
and
able
to
contribute
with
less
supervision
.
If
you
re
curious
the
Mozilla
Commit
Access
Policy
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
access
-
policy
/
>
__
page
explains
what
does
each
level
mean
.
Request
commit
access
level
1
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
this
is
granted
you
can
use
the
Try
server
<
https
:
/
/
wiki
.
mozilla
.
org
/
ReleaseEngineering
/
TryServer
>
__
for
running
automated
tests
of
your
code
.
To
request
this
follow
the
instructions
on
the
Becoming
A
Mozilla
Committer
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
>
__
page
to
file
a
bug
with
the
title
Commit
Access
(
Level
1
)
for
{
your
name
}
and
continue
with
steps
such
as
adding
the
public
SSH
key
etc
(
it
s
not
enough
with
just
filing
the
bug
!
)
.
The
person
that
asked
you
to
request
this
can
also
vouch
for
you
.
Request
commit
access
level
3
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
After
you
landed
a
few
bugs
that
are
more
advanced
than
the
good
-
first
-
bugs
and
you
feel
confident
about
your
contributions
as
well
as
the
process
you
can
request
level
3
access
.
Once
this
is
granted
you
will
get
access
to
Lando
the
autoland
feature
.
To
request
this
follow
the
instructions
on
the
Becoming
A
Mozilla
Committer
<
https
:
/
/
www
.
mozilla
.
org
/
en
-
US
/
about
/
governance
/
policies
/
commit
/
>
__
page
to
file
a
bug
with
the
title
Commit
Access
(
Level
3
)
for
{
your
name
}
.
The
person
that
asked
you
to
request
this
can
also
vouch
for
you
and
at
this
point
you
might
already
know
a
few
other
people
who
will
vouch
for
you
.
You
need
two
vouchers
.
If
you
reach
this
level
well
done
!
That
s
amazing
and
we
re
glad
to
have
you
on
board
