docs/code-quality/static-analysis.rst, before:

Static
analysis
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
document
is
split
in
two
parts
.
The
first
part
will
focus
on
the
modern
and
robust
way
of
static
-
analysis
and
the
second
part
will
present
the
build
-
time
static
-
analysis
.
For
linting
please
see
the
linting
documentation
<
/
code
-
quality
/
lint
/
>
_
.
For
reviews
use
the
#
static
-
analysis
-
reviewers
review
group
<
https
:
/
/
phabricator
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
project
/
view
/
120
/
>
__
.
Ask
questions
on
#
static
-
analysis
:
mozilla
.
org
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
/
#
/
room
/
#
static
-
analysis
:
mozilla
.
org
>
__
.
Clang
-
Tidy
static
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Our
current
static
-
analysis
infrastructure
is
based
on
clang
-
tidy
<
http
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
>
__
.
It
uses
checkers
in
order
to
assert
different
programming
errors
present
in
the
code
.
The
checkers
that
we
use
are
split
into
3
categories
:
#
.
Firefox
specific
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
build
/
clang
-
plugin
>
_
.
They
detect
incorrect
Gecko
programming
patterns
which
could
lead
to
bugs
or
security
issues
.
#
.
Clang
-
tidy
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
checks
/
list
.
html
>
_
.
They
aim
to
suggest
better
programming
practices
and
to
improve
memory
efficiency
and
performance
.
#
.
Clang
-
analyzer
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
clang
-
analyzer
.
llvm
.
org
/
>
_
.
These
checks
are
more
advanced
for
example
some
of
them
can
detect
dead
code
or
memory
leaks
but
as
a
typical
side
effect
they
have
false
positives
.
Because
of
that
we
have
disabled
them
for
now
but
will
enable
some
of
them
in
the
near
future
.
In
order
to
simplify
the
process
of
static
-
analysis
we
have
focused
on
integrating
this
process
with
Phabricator
and
mach
.
A
list
of
some
checkers
that
are
used
during
automated
scan
can
be
found
here
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
.
We
are
also
running
Coverity
at
review
phase
and
a
few
times
per
day
(
when
autoland
is
merged
into
mozilla
-
central
)
.
Static
analysis
at
review
phase
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
created
a
TaskCluster
bot
that
runs
clang
static
analysis
on
every
patch
submitted
to
Phabricator
.
It
then
quickly
reports
any
code
defects
directly
on
the
review
platform
thus
preventing
bad
patches
from
landing
until
all
their
defects
are
fixed
.
Currently
its
feedback
is
posted
in
about
10
minutes
after
a
patch
series
is
published
on
the
review
platform
.
As
part
of
the
process
the
various
linting
jobs
are
also
executed
using
try
.
This
can
be
also
used
to
add
new
jobs
see
:
:
ref
:
attach
-
job
-
review
.
An
example
of
automated
review
can
be
found
on
phabricator
<
https
:
/
/
phabricator
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
D2066
>
__
.
Mach
static
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
supported
on
all
Firefox
built
platforms
.
During
the
first
run
it
automatically
installs
all
of
its
dependencies
like
clang
-
tidy
executable
in
the
.
mozbuild
folder
thus
making
it
very
easy
to
use
.
The
resources
that
are
used
are
provided
by
toolchain
artifacts
clang
-
tidy
target
.
This
is
used
through
mach
static
-
analysis
command
that
has
the
following
parameters
:
-
check
-
Runs
the
checks
using
the
installed
helper
tool
from
~
/
.
mozbuild
.
-
-
-
checks
-
c
-
Checks
to
enabled
during
the
scan
.
The
checks
enabled
in
the
yaml
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
are
used
by
default
.
-
-
-
fix
-
f
-
Try
to
autofix
errors
detected
by
the
checkers
.
Depending
on
the
checker
this
option
might
not
do
anything
.
The
list
of
checkers
with
autofix
can
be
found
on
the
clang
-
tidy
website
https
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
checks
/
list
.
html
>
__
.
-
-
-
header
-
filter
-
h
-
f
-
Regular
expression
matching
the
names
of
the
headers
to
output
diagnostic
from
.
Diagnostic
from
the
main
file
of
each
translation
unit
are
always
displayed
.
As
an
example
we
run
static
-
analysis
through
mach
on
dom
/
presentation
/
Presentation
.
cpp
with
google
-
readability
-
braces
-
around
-
statements
check
and
autofix
we
would
have
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
check
-
-
checks
=
"
-
*
google
-
readability
-
braces
-
around
-
statements
"
-
-
fix
dom
/
presentation
/
Presentation
.
cpp
If
you
want
to
use
a
custom
clang
-
tidy
binary
this
can
be
done
by
using
the
install
subcommand
of
mach
static
-
analysis
but
please
note
that
the
archive
that
is
going
to
be
used
must
be
compatible
with
the
directory
structure
clang
-
tidy
from
toolchain
artifacts
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
install
clang
.
tar
.
gz
Regression
Testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
prevent
regressions
in
our
clang
-
tidy
based
static
analysis
we
have
created
a
task
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
ci
/
static
-
analysis
-
autotest
/
kind
.
yml
>
__
on
automation
.
This
task
runs
on
each
commit
and
launches
a
test
suite
that
is
integrated
into
mach
.
The
test
suite
implements
the
following
:
-
Downloads
the
necessary
clang
-
tidy
artifacts
.
-
Reads
the
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
file
.
-
For
each
checker
reads
the
test
file
plus
the
expected
result
.
A
sample
of
test
and
expected
result
can
be
found
in
the
test
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
test
/
clang
-
analyzer
-
deadcode
.
DeadStores
.
cpp
>
__
and
the
json
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
test
/
clang
-
analyzer
-
deadcode
.
DeadStores
.
json
>
__
.
This
testing
suit
can
be
run
locally
by
doing
the
following
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
If
we
want
to
test
only
a
specific
checker
let
'
s
say
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
we
can
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
If
we
want
to
add
a
new
checker
we
need
to
generated
the
expected
result
file
by
doing
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
-
d
Build
-
time
static
-
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
If
you
want
to
build
with
the
Firefox
Clang
plug
-
in
(
located
in
/
build
/
clang
-
plugin
and
associated
with
MOZ_CLANG_PLUGIN
and
the
attributes
in
/
mfbt
/
Attributes
.
h
)
just
add
-
-
enable
-
clang
-
plugin
to
your
mozconfig
!
This
requires
to
build
Firefox
using
Clang
.
Configuring
the
build
environment
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
you
have
your
Clang
build
in
place
you
will
need
to
set
up
tools
to
use
it
.
A
full
working
.
mozconfig
for
the
desktop
browser
is
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
topsrcdir
/
browser
/
config
/
mozconfig
mk_add_options
MOZ_OBJDIR
=
TOPSRCDIR
/
obj
-
ff
-
dbg
ac_add_options
-
-
enable
-
debug
Attempts
to
use
ccache
will
likely
result
in
failure
to
compile
.
It
is
also
necessary
to
avoid
optimized
builds
as
these
will
modify
macros
which
will
result
in
many
false
positives
.
At
this
point
your
Firefox
build
environment
should
be
configured
to
compile
via
the
Clang
static
analyzer
!
Performing
scanning
builds
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
not
enough
to
simply
start
the
build
like
normal
.
Instead
you
need
to
run
the
build
through
a
Clang
utility
script
which
will
keep
track
of
all
produced
analysis
and
consolidate
it
automatically
.
Reports
are
published
daily
on
https
:
/
/
sylvestre
.
ledru
.
info
/
reports
/
fx
-
scan
-
build
/
<
http
:
/
/
sylvestre
.
ledru
.
info
/
reports
/
fx
-
scan
-
build
/
>
__
Many
of
the
defects
reported
as
sources
for
Good
First
Bug
.
That
script
is
scan
-
build
.
You
can
find
it
in
clang_source
/
tools
/
scan
-
build
/
scan
-
build
.
Try
running
your
build
through
scan
-
build
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
cd
/
path
/
to
/
mozilla
/
source
#
Blow
away
your
object
directory
because
incremental
builds
don
'
t
make
sense
rm
-
rf
obj
-
dir
#
To
start
the
build
:
scan
-
build
-
-
show
-
description
.
/
mach
build
-
v
#
The
above
should
execute
without
any
errors
.
However
it
should
take
longer
than
#
normal
because
all
compilation
will
be
executing
through
Clang
'
s
static
analyzer
#
which
adds
overhead
.
If
things
are
working
properly
you
should
see
a
bunch
of
console
spew
just
like
any
build
.
The
first
time
you
run
scan
-
build
CTRL
+
C
after
a
few
files
are
compiled
.
You
should
see
output
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
scan
-
build
:
3
bugs
found
.
scan
-
build
:
Run
'
scan
-
view
/
Users
/
gps
/
tmp
/
mcsb
/
2011
-
12
-
15
-
3
'
to
examine
bug
reports
.
If
you
see
a
message
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
scan
-
build
:
Removing
directory
'
/
var
/
folders
/
s2
/
zc78dpsx2rz6cpc_21r9g5hr0000gn
/
T
/
scan
-
build
-
2011
-
12
-
15
-
1
'
because
it
contains
no
reports
.
either
no
static
analysis
results
were
available
yet
or
your
environment
is
not
configured
properly
.
By
default
scan
-
build
writes
results
to
a
folder
in
a
pseudo
-
temporary
location
.
You
can
control
where
results
go
by
passing
the
-
o
/
path
/
to
/
output
arguments
to
scan
-
build
.
You
may
also
want
to
run
scan
-
build
-
-
help
to
see
all
the
options
available
.
For
example
it
is
possible
to
selectively
enable
and
disable
individual
analyzers
.
Analyzing
the
output
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
the
build
has
completed
scan
-
build
will
produce
a
report
summarizing
all
the
findings
.
This
is
called
index
.
html
in
the
output
directory
.
You
can
run
scan
-
view
(
from
clang_source
/
tools
/
scan
-
view
/
scan
-
view
)
as
scan
-
build
'
s
output
suggests
;
this
merely
fires
up
a
local
HTTP
server
.
Or
you
should
be
able
to
open
the
index
.
html
directly
with
your
browser
.
False
positives
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
By
definition
there
are
currently
false
positives
in
the
static
analyzer
.
A
lot
of
these
are
due
to
the
analyzer
having
difficulties
following
the
relatively
complicated
error
handling
in
various
preprocessor
macros
.
.
.
See
also
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Configuring
Build
Options
<
/
en
/
Configuring_Build_Options
>
__
-
Developer
Guide
<
/
En
/
Developer_Guide
>
__

Commit message:

Bug 1619921 - enable clang-plugin with support for alpha checkers module. r=froydnj,sg
Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D65314

UltraBlame original commit: 780399392e205838a051b152a842a6a0765ae4ed

docs/code-quality/static-analysis.rst, after:

Static
analysis
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
This
document
is
split
in
two
parts
.
The
first
part
will
focus
on
the
modern
and
robust
way
of
static
-
analysis
and
the
second
part
will
present
the
build
-
time
static
-
analysis
.
For
linting
please
see
the
linting
documentation
<
/
code
-
quality
/
lint
/
>
_
.
For
reviews
use
the
#
static
-
analysis
-
reviewers
review
group
<
https
:
/
/
phabricator
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
project
/
view
/
120
/
>
__
.
Ask
questions
on
#
static
-
analysis
:
mozilla
.
org
<
https
:
/
/
chat
.
mozilla
.
org
/
#
/
room
/
#
static
-
analysis
:
mozilla
.
org
>
__
.
Clang
-
Tidy
static
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Our
current
static
-
analysis
infrastructure
is
based
on
clang
-
tidy
<
http
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
>
__
.
It
uses
checkers
in
order
to
assert
different
programming
errors
present
in
the
code
.
The
checkers
that
we
use
are
split
into
3
categories
:
#
.
Firefox
specific
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
build
/
clang
-
plugin
>
_
.
They
detect
incorrect
Gecko
programming
patterns
which
could
lead
to
bugs
or
security
issues
.
#
.
Clang
-
tidy
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
checks
/
list
.
html
>
_
.
They
aim
to
suggest
better
programming
practices
and
to
improve
memory
efficiency
and
performance
.
#
.
Clang
-
analyzer
checkers
<
https
:
/
/
clang
-
analyzer
.
llvm
.
org
/
>
_
.
These
checks
are
more
advanced
for
example
some
of
them
can
detect
dead
code
or
memory
leaks
but
as
a
typical
side
effect
they
have
false
positives
.
Because
of
that
we
have
disabled
them
for
now
but
will
enable
some
of
them
in
the
near
future
.
In
order
to
simplify
the
process
of
static
-
analysis
we
have
focused
on
integrating
this
process
with
Phabricator
and
mach
.
A
list
of
some
checkers
that
are
used
during
automated
scan
can
be
found
here
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
.
We
are
also
running
Coverity
at
review
phase
and
a
few
times
per
day
(
when
autoland
is
merged
into
mozilla
-
central
)
.
Static
analysis
at
review
phase
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
We
created
a
TaskCluster
bot
that
runs
clang
static
analysis
on
every
patch
submitted
to
Phabricator
.
It
then
quickly
reports
any
code
defects
directly
on
the
review
platform
thus
preventing
bad
patches
from
landing
until
all
their
defects
are
fixed
.
Currently
its
feedback
is
posted
in
about
10
minutes
after
a
patch
series
is
published
on
the
review
platform
.
As
part
of
the
process
the
various
linting
jobs
are
also
executed
using
try
.
This
can
be
also
used
to
add
new
jobs
see
:
:
ref
:
attach
-
job
-
review
.
An
example
of
automated
review
can
be
found
on
phabricator
<
https
:
/
/
phabricator
.
services
.
mozilla
.
com
/
D2066
>
__
.
Mach
static
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
supported
on
all
Firefox
built
platforms
.
During
the
first
run
it
automatically
installs
all
of
its
dependencies
like
clang
-
tidy
executable
in
the
.
mozbuild
folder
thus
making
it
very
easy
to
use
.
The
resources
that
are
used
are
provided
by
toolchain
artifacts
clang
-
tidy
target
.
This
is
used
through
mach
static
-
analysis
command
that
has
the
following
parameters
:
-
check
-
Runs
the
checks
using
the
installed
helper
tool
from
~
/
.
mozbuild
.
-
-
-
checks
-
c
-
Checks
to
enabled
during
the
scan
.
The
checks
enabled
in
the
yaml
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
are
used
by
default
.
-
-
-
fix
-
f
-
Try
to
autofix
errors
detected
by
the
checkers
.
Depending
on
the
checker
this
option
might
not
do
anything
.
The
list
of
checkers
with
autofix
can
be
found
on
the
clang
-
tidy
website
https
:
/
/
clang
.
llvm
.
org
/
extra
/
clang
-
tidy
/
checks
/
list
.
html
>
__
.
-
-
-
header
-
filter
-
h
-
f
-
Regular
expression
matching
the
names
of
the
headers
to
output
diagnostic
from
.
Diagnostic
from
the
main
file
of
each
translation
unit
are
always
displayed
.
As
an
example
we
run
static
-
analysis
through
mach
on
dom
/
presentation
/
Presentation
.
cpp
with
google
-
readability
-
braces
-
around
-
statements
check
and
autofix
we
would
have
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
check
-
-
checks
=
"
-
*
google
-
readability
-
braces
-
around
-
statements
"
-
-
fix
dom
/
presentation
/
Presentation
.
cpp
If
you
want
to
use
a
custom
clang
-
tidy
binary
this
can
be
done
by
using
the
install
subcommand
of
mach
static
-
analysis
but
please
note
that
the
archive
that
is
going
to
be
used
must
be
compatible
with
the
directory
structure
clang
-
tidy
from
toolchain
artifacts
.
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
install
clang
.
tar
.
gz
Regression
Testing
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
In
order
to
prevent
regressions
in
our
clang
-
tidy
based
static
analysis
we
have
created
a
task
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
taskcluster
/
ci
/
static
-
analysis
-
autotest
/
kind
.
yml
>
__
on
automation
.
This
task
runs
on
each
commit
and
launches
a
test
suite
that
is
integrated
into
mach
.
The
test
suite
implements
the
following
:
-
Downloads
the
necessary
clang
-
tidy
artifacts
.
-
Reads
the
configuration
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
config
.
yaml
>
__
file
.
-
For
each
checker
reads
the
test
file
plus
the
expected
result
.
A
sample
of
test
and
expected
result
can
be
found
in
the
test
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
test
/
clang
-
analyzer
-
deadcode
.
DeadStores
.
cpp
>
__
and
the
json
file
<
https
:
/
/
searchfox
.
org
/
mozilla
-
central
/
source
/
tools
/
clang
-
tidy
/
test
/
clang
-
analyzer
-
deadcode
.
DeadStores
.
json
>
__
.
This
testing
suit
can
be
run
locally
by
doing
the
following
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
If
we
want
to
test
only
a
specific
checker
let
'
s
say
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
we
can
run
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
If
we
want
to
add
a
new
checker
we
need
to
generated
the
expected
result
file
by
doing
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
/
mach
static
-
analysis
autotest
modernize
-
raw
-
string
-
literal
-
d
Build
-
time
static
-
analysis
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
If
you
want
to
build
with
the
Firefox
Clang
plug
-
in
(
located
in
/
build
/
clang
-
plugin
and
associated
with
MOZ_CLANG_PLUGIN
and
the
attributes
in
/
mfbt
/
Attributes
.
h
)
just
add
-
-
enable
-
clang
-
plugin
to
your
mozconfig
!
If
you
want
to
also
have
our
experimental
checkers
that
will
produce
warnings
as
diagnostic
messages
also
add
-
-
enable
-
clang
-
plugin
-
alpha
.
This
requires
to
build
Firefox
using
Clang
.
Configuring
the
build
environment
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
you
have
your
Clang
build
in
place
you
will
need
to
set
up
tools
to
use
it
.
A
full
working
.
mozconfig
for
the
desktop
browser
is
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
.
topsrcdir
/
browser
/
config
/
mozconfig
mk_add_options
MOZ_OBJDIR
=
TOPSRCDIR
/
obj
-
ff
-
dbg
ac_add_options
-
-
enable
-
debug
Attempts
to
use
ccache
will
likely
result
in
failure
to
compile
.
It
is
also
necessary
to
avoid
optimized
builds
as
these
will
modify
macros
which
will
result
in
many
false
positives
.
At
this
point
your
Firefox
build
environment
should
be
configured
to
compile
via
the
Clang
static
analyzer
!
Performing
scanning
builds
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
It
is
not
enough
to
simply
start
the
build
like
normal
.
Instead
you
need
to
run
the
build
through
a
Clang
utility
script
which
will
keep
track
of
all
produced
analysis
and
consolidate
it
automatically
.
Reports
are
published
daily
on
https
:
/
/
sylvestre
.
ledru
.
info
/
reports
/
fx
-
scan
-
build
/
<
http
:
/
/
sylvestre
.
ledru
.
info
/
reports
/
fx
-
scan
-
build
/
>
__
Many
of
the
defects
reported
as
sources
for
Good
First
Bug
.
That
script
is
scan
-
build
.
You
can
find
it
in
clang_source
/
tools
/
scan
-
build
/
scan
-
build
.
Try
running
your
build
through
scan
-
build
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
cd
/
path
/
to
/
mozilla
/
source
#
Blow
away
your
object
directory
because
incremental
builds
don
'
t
make
sense
rm
-
rf
obj
-
dir
#
To
start
the
build
:
scan
-
build
-
-
show
-
description
.
/
mach
build
-
v
#
The
above
should
execute
without
any
errors
.
However
it
should
take
longer
than
#
normal
because
all
compilation
will
be
executing
through
Clang
'
s
static
analyzer
#
which
adds
overhead
.
If
things
are
working
properly
you
should
see
a
bunch
of
console
spew
just
like
any
build
.
The
first
time
you
run
scan
-
build
CTRL
+
C
after
a
few
files
are
compiled
.
You
should
see
output
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
scan
-
build
:
3
bugs
found
.
scan
-
build
:
Run
'
scan
-
view
/
Users
/
gps
/
tmp
/
mcsb
/
2011
-
12
-
15
-
3
'
to
examine
bug
reports
.
If
you
see
a
message
like
:
.
.
code
-
block
:
:
shell
scan
-
build
:
Removing
directory
'
/
var
/
folders
/
s2
/
zc78dpsx2rz6cpc_21r9g5hr0000gn
/
T
/
scan
-
build
-
2011
-
12
-
15
-
1
'
because
it
contains
no
reports
.
either
no
static
analysis
results
were
available
yet
or
your
environment
is
not
configured
properly
.
By
default
scan
-
build
writes
results
to
a
folder
in
a
pseudo
-
temporary
location
.
You
can
control
where
results
go
by
passing
the
-
o
/
path
/
to
/
output
arguments
to
scan
-
build
.
You
may
also
want
to
run
scan
-
build
-
-
help
to
see
all
the
options
available
.
For
example
it
is
possible
to
selectively
enable
and
disable
individual
analyzers
.
Analyzing
the
output
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Once
the
build
has
completed
scan
-
build
will
produce
a
report
summarizing
all
the
findings
.
This
is
called
index
.
html
in
the
output
directory
.
You
can
run
scan
-
view
(
from
clang_source
/
tools
/
scan
-
view
/
scan
-
view
)
as
scan
-
build
'
s
output
suggests
;
this
merely
fires
up
a
local
HTTP
server
.
Or
you
should
be
able
to
open
the
index
.
html
directly
with
your
browser
.
False
positives
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
By
definition
there
are
currently
false
positives
in
the
static
analyzer
.
A
lot
of
these
are
due
to
the
analyzer
having
difficulties
following
the
relatively
complicated
error
handling
in
various
preprocessor
macros
.
.
.
See
also
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Configuring
Build
Options
<
/
en
/
Configuring_Build_Options
>
__
-
Developer
Guide
<
/
En
/
Developer_Guide
>
__
